"Dolman-Sleeve Henley Linen-Blend Top, Created for Macy's  . An understated look with the comfy feel of premium fabric, this Style Co Henley top features soft gathers for stylish flow. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline; button placket at front Gathers at shoulders, back neck Short dolman sleeves Created For Macy's Linen/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484319"
"Printed Handkerchief-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection's stunning handkerchief-hem knit top features an embellished keyhole neckline and studded detail at front that add the perfect touch for any occasion. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 30" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with embellished keyhole Handkerchief hem with chiffon lining; studded detail at front 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Shell: polyester/spandex; trim: polyester chiffon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10496113"
"INC Printed Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Bare the perfect amount of shoulder in this I.N.C. International Concepts top, featuring a fun ruffled neckline. Matching straps hold the look in place, so you don't get slowed down. Loose fit; hits at hip Square neckline Ruffled at neckline Short sleeves with cold shoulders; straps at shoulders Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7888053"
"Bubble-Sleeve Top  . Short bubble sleeves lend endless whimsy to this CeCe top, perfect paired with your go-to denim. Approx. 25-1/2" long V-neck Short bubble sleeves Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10503982"
"INC Asymmetrical-Hem Tunic Sweatshirt, Created for Macy's  . A combination of stylish and cozy, this I.N.C. International Concepts sweatshirt is finished with a distinctive asymmetrical hem. Hits at hip Crewneck Asymmetrical hem Created for Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7065388"
"Cotton Lace-Up Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Update your casual look with this all-cotton top from Karen Scott. Grommets and ties give the relaxed silhouette fresh appeal. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with grommets, ties Elbow sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10459202"
"Textured Roll-Tab Blouse  . Calvin Klein's textured blouse is a fresh palette for you to build looks that speak to your own personal style. Approx. 27" long Split neckline; front button closures Buttoned flap pockets with box pleat at chest Long sleeves with roll tabs Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10484183"
"FP Movement Chevron Ombré Love Tank Top  . Go throwback cool with Free People's lightweight muscle tank styled in a cropped silhouette and finished with an ombré tie-dyed design. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. 19-3/4" long Crewneck Ombré tie-dyed design; ribbed hem; dropped armholes ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10473757"
"Women's Logo Relaxed Fleece Hoodie  . The ultimate in post-workout comfort, this oversized hoodie from adidas is in cozy fleece with a big logo for a sporty vibe. Model is wearing a size small Oversized fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Drawstring hood; long shaped sleeves with ribbed cuffs; logo at front Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9140704"
"Printed Burnout Layered T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Get the best of both worlds with this layered T-shirt from Ideology, featuring a breathable burnout layer over a racerback tank top. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Active/lifestyle Breathable burnout layer over a racerback tank top Crewneck Created For Macy's Outer layer: polyester/rayon; inner layer: polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10482549"
"Triple Threat Off-The-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Whether you wear it with one shoulder, both shoulders or off-the-shoulders, this versatile piece from Thalia Sodi takes you from day to night with signature style. Easy fit; hits at hip Elasticized off-the-shoulder neckline Can be worn as a one-shoulder, off-the-shoulder or both shoulder style Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 9371817"
"Women's Cotton Batwing Perfect Graphic Logo T-Shirt  . An iconic "batwing" logo graphic perfectly styles soft cotton jersey with this essential T-shirt from Levi's®. Hits at hip Crewneck Graphic print at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 7449989"
"Printed 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Radiate effortless style with Charter Club's printed 3/4-sleeve top, featuring a boat neckline, which adds a dash of sophistication. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Fitted; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10458614"
"Linen Button-Front Shirt  . Vince Camuto updates a classic design with this linen button-front shirt, featuring frayed details and cuffed short sleeves for a cool, casual look. Approx. 24-3/4" long Spread collar; button-front closures Pocket at chest; fray details at the hem, placket and pocket Cuffed short sleeves All linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10631117"
"Roma Floral-Print Top  . Delicate and pretty as can be, this Free People top brings boho-chic up to date with an ultra feminine ruffle look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. 19-1/2" long High neckline Ruffle detail at shoulders; elastic banded bottom ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10362624"
"Distressed Logo French Terry Sweatshirt  . Calvin Klein Jeans gives your look lived-in appeal with this relaxed sweatshirt, a comfortable French Terry design accented with a distressed logo print at the front and stylish stars at the sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Crewneck Distressed logo print at front; star print at sleeves Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10504693"
"Birdie Henley Top  . Cool and carefree. Free People's soft, flowing Birdie tunic showcases an effortless fit-and-flare silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Henley V-neck High side slits ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose/elastane Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484558"
"Twist-Neck Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . A twist detail at the neckline elevates the aesthetic of this sleeveless JM Collection top that's perfect for pairing through the week and beyond. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neckline with twist detail Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6566366"
"Women's Logo Cropped Sweatshirt  . Cropped for a current look, this Nike Sportswear sweatshirt is in soft French terry and a relaxed fit for an easy feel. Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure French terry Crewneck; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919592"
"Lace-Yoke Handkerchief-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Lightweight and airy, this flowing top by Style & Co features lace detailing at the yoke and front placket as well as a handkerchief hemline for plenty of boho flair. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 24-1/2" long V-neckline Lace at front and back yoke; trim at neck, center front and sleeves; handkerchief hem 3/4-bell sleeves Created for Macy's Shell: viscose/polyester; mesh: nylon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6339970"
"INC Cutout Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Just try not to attract attention in this chic, detailed top from I.N.C. International Concepts, finished with shoulder-sharing cutouts for a little drama. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip V-neck Cutouts at shoulders Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 11143129"
"Striped Crossover-Hem Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A fun combination of sporty and chic, this tunic from Ideology adds a tulip hem to sleek stripes for a fresh look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at low hip; approx. 32" long; semi-fitted; tulip hem INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; short raglan sleeves; one-seam pockets at sides Created for Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8260042"
"Stripe Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . An everyday staple, this hoodie with subtle striped detail from Style & Co is perfect for layering or wearing solo. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit V-Neck Ribbed at cuffs and hem Created For Macy's Rayon/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484325"
"Cotton Embellished Logo T-Shirt  . GUESS levels up its signature logo tee with this sparkly winged style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Graphic print on front All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10484085"
"Arden Solid Long-Sleeved T-Shirt  . Effortless and easygoing, Free People's longline cotton T-shirt from the We The Free collection showcases a textured striped fabrication and a raw hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Oversized fit Scoop neckline Textured striped fabrication; raw hem ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10484571"
"Logo T-Shirt  . Cut from soft cotton jersey, this t-shirt is finished with Lauren Ralph Lauren's signature logo. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25-½" long Relaxed fit Crewneck Rolled short sleeves "LRL LAUREN RALPH LAUREN" logo printed at the center front Curved hem Cotton/Modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10502199"
"Long-Sleeve Polo Top  . Some things never lose their appeal, and this logo polo by Tommy Hilfiger with long sleeves is no exception. Fold-collar; button closures Logo-flag at chest Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9942810"
"Ice Cold Top  . As effortless as it is stylish, this ribbed top features a stretchy knit fabric so you can get going without any restrictions. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Fitted Plunging V-neck with lace-up detail Grommet cutouts along neckline 3/4-sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10467678"
"Women's Sportswear Logo Hoodie  . Update your go-to with this sporty look from Nike, a loose-fitting hoodie with a modern feel and the soft comfort of fleece. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Crossover hood; kangaroo pocket; logos at front, sleeves Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919590"
"Linen Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's versatile shirt works wonders in your wardrobe with clever roll-tab sleeves in lightweight linen. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Point collar; front button closures Two pockets at chest 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6932664"
"Printed T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Fashioned with a stylish, allover print, this short-sleeve T-shirt from Style & Co is perfect paired with all of your favorite jeans. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8004016"
"INC Ruffled Rainbow Off-The-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . A ruffled off-the-shoulder neckline is the fabulous focus of this top from I.N.C. International Concepts, styled in rainbow-inspired stripes. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Loose fit; hits at hip Ruffled off-the-shoulder neckline Created for Macy's Cotton/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6956981"
"Women's Dry Legend Hooded Top  . A V-neckline and heathered fabric add a stylish look to this training top from Nike. Dri-FIT technology helps keep you comfortable, while a hood and curved hem add flattering coverage. Nike Dry fabric with Dri-FIT wicking technology that helps evaporate moisture Approx. model measurements: height: 5'8"; bust 32-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 37" Attached hood with V-neckline; long raglan sleeves; curved hem Hits at hip Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4661122"
"Printed Smocked Top, Created for Macy's  . Flattering smocking defines this chic scoop-neck top from Style & Co, an elegant floral printed piece finished with romantic ruffled trim at the cuffs. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 26-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Smocked bodice Smocked short sleeves; ruffled cuffs Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526992"
"Lily Of The Valley Top  . When you feel like going for a romantic look, you can reach for Free People's Lily of the Valley top. Its ruffled tie-neck pairs with blouson sleeves for a soft-chic feel. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Relaxed fit Split scoop neckline with tie detail Ruffled neckline 3/4 blouson sleeves Cotton/hemp Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10383684"
"Indigo Dreams Tunic Top  . Relaxed and romantic, this beautiful breezy tunic top from Free People drapes elegantly with a mix of pretty prints and boho-chic embroidered mesh sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small Scoop neckline; keyhole and button closure at back Layered body; high-low hem Embroidered mesh balloon sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Lyocell/linen; mesh: polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10344651"
"The NW Cropped Top  . Perfectly cropped, Naked Wardrobe's fitted top features a high neckline and signature double lining. Approx. model height is 5'3" and she is wearing size small Fitted; approx. 13" long High round neckline Signature doubled lined Viscose/spandex; lining: viscose/spandex Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10525503"
"Feels Right Thong Bodysuit  . It feels just right in this cutaway bodysuit from Free People, featuring a thong bottom and convenient gusset closure. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Gusset closure; thong bottom Crew neckline Perforated ruffled trim at armholes Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 9367833"
"Cotton Eyelet Peasant Top, Created for Macy's  . Eyelet lace accents textured cotton, bringing a timeless feel to this relaxed peasant top from Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with tie Lace at bib, sleeves 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497972"
"Ava Top  . Amplify your look on and off the clock with this vibrant fitted top from GUESS. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Square neckline Puffed shoulders Cotton/Modal/spandex Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10485732"
"Moulin Ruched Camisole  . Sleek and chic, this off-the-shoulder top from Free People features texture and ruching for a fit that accents your shape. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Approx. 19" long Off-the-shoulder neckline with stretch Ruched fabric ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526811"
"INC Hardware Printed Surplice Top, Created for Macy's  . Your off-duty looks just got a fresh update with this bold floral style, INC International Concepts®' flattering surplice top with signature glam details. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Surplice neckline with hardware detail Allover print Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex; trim: metal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503615"
"Button-Front Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . In a unique twist, Karen Scott updates a classic hoodie silhouette with button closures all the way down the front. Welt pockets and slits at the sides finish the look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 27-1/2" long Attached hood with drawstrings; front button closures Welt pockets at hips; slits at sides of hem Created For Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10460807"
"Stretch Boatneck Top  . A bateau neckline and a slim fit define this Lauren Ralph Lauren T-shirt's sleek style, while an embroidered "LRL" monogram adds a signature touch. Slim fit Size medium has an approximate 25" body length Model is 5'10"/178 cm and wears a size small Bateau neckline Elbow-length sleeves with fold-over cuffs "LRL" embroidered at the front right hem Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8908800"
"Crochet Top, Created for Macy's  . Charming and stylish, this lace-inset print top by Style & Co will be a fun statement to make when choosing how to style it. Pair it with your favorite denim and sneakers for the perfect daytime look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit V-neck Lace inset at shoulders Created For Macy's Body: polyester/rayon/spandex; base: nylon; embroidery: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492196"
"INC Satin Utility Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Classic, effortless style is yours in this INC International Concepts® shirt, designed with roll-tab sleeves for a clever finish. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Point collar; front button closures Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10562088"
"Zip-Neck Printed Top, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection gives you a look that's both polished and chic in this printed 3/4-sleeve top with a zipper-trimmed neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 28-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck with zipper 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484839"
"One-Pocket Plaid Top, Created for Macy's  . Layering is made easy with this essential by Style & Co. This plaid top with roll-tab sleeve detailing offers relaxed casual style. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 28" long Spread collar; button closure at front One pocket at chest Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Lyocell Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10514276"
"Printed V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's three-quarter-sleeve top features sweet pleated details at the shoulders for a pretty finish. V-neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Three-quarter sleeves Gathered at shoulders Fitted Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8484143"
"INC Denim-Tie Ruched Top, Created for Macy's  . Ruching creates a flattering effect on the sides of this INC International Concepts® top, while denim ties add an unexpected pop of style to the side hems. Fitted Crewneck Denim tie details at ruched sides Created for Macy's Rayon/nylon; ties: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502704"
"Flap-Pocket Button-Down Shirt  . Stay timeless in this Tommy Hilfiger top with flap pockets and a silhouette that makes for seamless pairing any day of the week. Approx. inseam: 27-1/4" Fold collar; button closures Flap pockets at chest 100% lyocell Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10516447"
"Striped Zip-Front Top  . Earn your style stripes in this collared top from Tommy Hilfiger designed with a clever zip-front neckline and roll-tab sleeves. Approx. 25" long Point collar; front half zipper closure Roll-tab sleeves Polyester/viscose/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10498321"
"Shibori Chiffon Midi Tunic  . Vince Camuto's shibori-dyed chiffon tunic drops low for light and airy coverage over shorts or pants. Approx. 48" long Crewneck; back keyhole and button closure High slits at sides Polyester Machine washable or dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10561600"
"Mix N Match Top  . Floaty and cropped, Free People's Mix N Match top does everything for your figure with wide sleeves and boho spirit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small V-neck Long wide sleeves Rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10383686"
"Costa Rica Printed Knit Top  . An abstract print sweeps throughout this charming Alfred Dunner top designed with 3/4-sleeves. Model is wearing size small Approx. 26" long Crewneck 3/4-sleeves Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10561365"
"Cotton 3/4-Sleeve Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A boat neckline and tunic length dress up this top from Karen Scott, a relaxed silhouette in comfy all-cotton. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 29" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10459200"
"Cotton Split-Neck Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A versatile piece with fresh appeal, this cotton top from Karen Scott accents a relaxed silhouette with a split neckline and grommets. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 28-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with grommets Elbow sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461207"
"Hearts Desire Tunic Top  . Keep the vibe light and airy in this boho-chic tunic from Free People, featuring a cool cotton finish. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 V-neck; front button closures Lace trim ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10531323"
"Perfect Striped Cotton T-Shirt  . It's called perfect for a reason. This easy, timeless T-shirt in cotton from Levi's® features sweet stripes for a classic casual look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Easy fit Crewneck All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10411046"
"Lantern-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Reach the next step in your fashion journey with Style & Co's lantern-sleeve top, featuring detailed crochet trim. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Crochet-trimmed at front center and hem 3/4-lantern-sleeves with crochet trim Created For Macy's Cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10505011"
"Women's Tech Twist VNeck  . The ultimate tee for any workout, Under Armour's UA Tech fabric keeps you cool, fresh and fully mobile whatever activity you choose. UA Tech fabric is quick-drying, ultra-soft has a more natural feel Material wicks sweat dries really fast 4-way stretch construction moves better in every direction Anti-odor technology prevents the growth of odor-causing microbes Deep V-neck collar Allover twist effect Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 1948109"
"Floral-Print Tie-Neck Top  . Bohemian-inspiration makes this tie-front top from Lucky Brand perfect for pairing with jeans. V-neck with tie detail at front Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10574497"
"Camo Sweatshirt, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's camo sweatshirt layers perfectly over jeans or leggings for casual days where you still want to look stylish. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Round neckline Embellished design at front Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10347894"
"Float Away Printed Camisole  . Free People's Floay Away camisole gives off casual-chic vibes with a low back and tied straps. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small V-neck Low back Spaghetti straps tie at shoulders ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10576009"
"Elbow-Sleeve Button-Front Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . A closet classic, this wardrobe staple from Eileen Fisher features a timeless point collar and versatile front button closures, making it a perfect pick for work or weekend. Approx. length: 23" Point collar; button front closure Elbow-length sleeves Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10577483"
"Ruffled Square-Neck Top  . Add feminine charm to off-duty looks with this romantic little top from CeCe, the perfect mix of soft florals and subtle ruffles. Model is wearing a size small Approx. 19-1/2" long Ruffled square neckline Short flutter sleeves Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 11038761"
"Double Ruffle Solid Pintuck Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's blouse features a split neckline and menswear-inspired pintuck pleating at the yoke, a perfect contrast to the flowing feel and ruffled 3/4-length sleeves. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Model is wearing size small Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Easy fit; hits at low hip Split neckline; sheer 3/4-sleeves; ruffled cuffs Pleated at front yoke; sheer overlay Created for Macy's Front overlay, sleeves, and lining: polyester; back: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10190179"
"Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Keep it casual and comfortable in Style & Co's 100% cotton split-neck top. Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Crochet detail at front Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10504935"
"Cotton Plaid Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Pintucks and flutter sleeves accent gauzy cotton fabric, bringing a charming look to this relaxed top from Style & Co. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 23-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Pintucks at front Short flutter sleeves All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519216"
"Striped 3/4-Sleeve Zip-Neck Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Designed with a quarter-zip closure at the front for versatile styling, Karen Scott's relaxed 3/4-sleeve top is finished with stylish stripes for a nautical touch. Relaxed fit; approx. length: 26 1/2" long (regular); 25" long (petite) Stand collar; quarter zipper closure 3/4-sleeves Available in Regular & Petite sizes Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10442487"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Heritage Cropped T-Shirt  . A slightly cropped silhouette updates this heritage look from Nike, a T-shirt in all cotton with sporty colorblocking. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919567"
"Ribbed T-Shirt  . Crafted from stretch-infused cotton, this ribbed T-shirt is decorated with Lauren Ralph Lauren's signature embroidered monogram. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25" long Relaxed fit Rounded neckline Short sleeves "LRL" monogram embroidered at the right hem and left chest Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10517384"
"Colorblocked Logo T-Shirt  . A relaxed take on signature style, this Tommy Hilfiger T-shirt surrounds a classic logo with rich color for a fresh look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 24" long Crewneck Colorblocked logo at front Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9382768"
"Asymmetrical Ring Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A bright spot in your wardrobe, JM Collection's hip-slimming stretch tunic shines with ring hardware and a great color. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip: approx. 32" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Asymmetrical neckline with ring hardware Asymmetrical hem 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8003902"
"INC Double-Layer V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Not your average tee. This one by INC International Concepts® features a dramatic print and sheer layers of mesh for an elevated take on your fave look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck Double layer; allover print Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503612"
"INC Ruched T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® gives your T-shirt style a fun update with this version designed with a ruched front. V-neck Ruched at front Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405114"
"Keyhole Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Mood = romance. Bar III's flowy & flirty top is date-night perfection with its alluring cutouts and soft details. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 20-2/5" long; relaxed fit High neckline with keyhole; back neck metal button closure Long cold-shoulder sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester; lining: rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10527064"
"Roll-Tab Tunic Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Alfani's roll-tab top elevates the wardrobe staple with extra length that coordinates perfectly with slim trousers. V-neckline with point collar; button-front closure Runs large; size down Slits at sides Hits above knee Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4746891"
"Ruffled Crew-Neck T-Shirt  . Wardrobe update: CeCe elevates your style game with this fun T-shirt, boasting pretty ruffles at each shoulder. Crewneck Ruffles at shoulders Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10565196"
"Cotton T-Shirt, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Upgrade you T-shirt look with this Eileen Fisher top, in all cotton for a comfy feel and easy style. Approx. 25" long Crewneck Vents at sides All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10525447"
"Ruched-Side Necklace Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Va va voom! Thalia Sodi brings the drama in this fierce tank top, with a removable metallic necklace and flattering side ruching. V-neck Ruched at sides; ruffle hem; removable metallic necklace Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10491859"
"INC Floral Printed Zip-Detail Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' striped long-sleeve top is a contemporary pick styled with two gleaming zipper pockets at the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size 4/S Hits below hip V-neckline Two zipper pockets at front Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6687459"
"Cutout Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Edgy cutouts trim the scoop neckline on this stylish JM Collection top, complete with alluring cold-shoulder cutouts accenting the elbow-length sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 29-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Cutouts at neckline Elbow-length sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10567100"
"Cold-Shoulder Top, Regular & Petites  . Embrace the most glamorous trends of the season with this chic top from Michael Michael Kors. It's styled with a lace-up neckline and fluttering sleeves that display just a hint of skin. Available in approx. length: 26-1/2"(R), 24"(P) from back high-point shoulder to hem Split neckline with grommets and lace-up detail Flutter hem Cold-shoulder short sleeves; flutter cuffs Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10510972"
"Button-Down Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A simple silhouette with subtle detailing, this button-up top from Style & Co combines simplicity and femininity and is perfect for layering or wearing solo. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit V-neck; button-front closures Flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Lyocell Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471261"
"Stretch Jersey Short-Sleeve T-Shirt, Regular & Petite  . Eileen Fisher's crew-neck top combines classic T-shirt styling and supple stretch. Crew neckline Available in Regular and Petite Petite size designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Hits at hip Viscose/spandex Machine wash Made in USA of imported materials Web ID: 5691389"
"INC Faux-Pearl-Sleeve T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Polish every look with the sophisticated faux-pearl detailing on I.N.C. International Concepts' effortless T-shirt. Hits at hip Crewneck Faux-pearls at sleeves Created for Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7959781"
"Studded 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Make a subtle statement in this top by Karen Scott, studded detailing adorns the boat neckline and cascades down to the hem of the 3/4-sleeve, giving this classic piece added pizazz. Approx. model is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Boat neckline with studded trim Studded at sleeves 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's 100% Cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10468833"
"Sleeveless Knit Button-Front Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A vented hem frees up the long lines of this tunic from Alfani, leaving your looks breezy and effortless. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Approx. 31-1/2" long Point collar; front button closures Created For Macy's Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492404"
"Smocked Pintuck Top  . CeCe's smocked pintuck blouse is the perfect way to show off your chic and sophisticated sense of style. Dress it up or down—this dainty number has range. Approx. 24-1/2" long Ruffled crew neckline; back button closure with keyhole opening Pintuck pleats at front Puffed shoulders; smocked cuffs Lined at front Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10496665"
"Floral-Print Pintucked Blouse  . Tommy Hilfiger's pintucked printed blouse works beautifully over jeans for a relaxed and elevated casual look. Easy fit Scoop neckline with keyhole and self tie Pintucked pleats at front and back 3/4-sleeves with buttoned cuffs Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10426412"
"Satin-Trim High-Low T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Alfani's soft tee is a perfect way to top a pair of colored pants or printed skinny jeans! The high-low hem gives it modern appeal. Scoop neckline; satin trim Pullover style Short sleeves Easy fit Rounded high-low hem is longer at back Hits at hip at front Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 977105"
"Seam-Detail High-Low Top, Created for Macy's  . A carefree look in softly shaded jersey knit, Style & Co's high-low top is finished with smart seam detailing. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Seaming detail at center front and at front overlap; high-low hemline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10454752"
"Women's Sportswear Gym Vintage Logo Hoodie  . A lightweight feel with a vintage vibe, this Nike hoodie is in soft fabric with stylish distressed details. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Lightweight Hood with distressed drawstring; kangaroo pocket; ribbed cuffs, hem; logo at front Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919565"
"Printed Pintuck Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Ruffled sleeves and pretty pintucks bring the charming print to life on this petite split-neck top from Charter Club. Split neckline Pintucks at bodice 3/4-sleeves with ruffled cuffs Hits at hip Available in Regular & Petite sizes Designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Polyester; back body: polyester/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4817984"
"Crochet-Trim Bell-Sleeve Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Crochet trim elevates the casual feel of this bell-sleeve top from Style & Co. Available in Regular & Petite sizes Scoop neckline Three-quarter bell sleeves Crochet trim at front, hem and sleeves; allover slub detail Loose fit Hits at hip Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Need a Petite Size? Shop Wed ID: 3178491 All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 3117252"
"Women's Pro Get Fit Colorblocked Fleece Half-Zip Top  . Perfect for when cooler weather hits, this cropped Nike Pro top features a half-zip closure for adjustable comfort. Soft fleece with Dri-FIT performance helps keep you warm and comfortable. Loose fit High collar for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece with Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Funnel neckline; half-zip closure at front; ribbed details Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900441"
"Yoga Women's Dri-FIT Logo Tank Top  . Get the lightweight comfort you need with this Nike tank top. Dri-FIT performance helps keep you comfortable on the yoga mat. Wide racerback INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; logo graphic at front; logo at back Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10512362"
"Something Special T-Shirt  . The name says it all: go with the Free People Something Special Tee for a look that's extra special. You'll love the ribbed body and puffy lace crochet sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS Approx. 22" long; hits at hips Scoop neck Fitted ribbed tee; ruffled sleeves with crochet lace accents; cinched cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Elastane/viscose; sleeve: cotton Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471542"
"Printed Colorblocked Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . Colorblocking and a fresh mix of prints freshen this look from Alfani, a stylish top with a sleek asymmetrical hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 31-7/8" long V-neck Asymmetrical hem Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10336163"
"Sport Mock-Neck Vented-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott delivers casual-chic style with an on-trend mock-neck on this essential top. Front pockets add an element of light warmth. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Mock-neck with snaps Vented hem; slant pockets at front Created For Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10175903"
"Colorblocked Collared Blouse  . A contrast collar and pleated cuffs create a polished, layered look for a CeCe blouse that's both vibrant and charming. Contrast point collar; back keyhole with button closure Short sleeves with contrast pleating Hits at hip Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4851958"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Graphic Pocket T-Shirt  . Dandelion fuzz drifts across this fun look from Nike, a comfy all-cotton T-shirt with an easy feel and whimsical vibe. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; pocket with graphic at left chest; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919558"
"INC Ruffled Printed Blouse, Created for Macy's  . You'll never be short on style in this whimsically ruffled blouse from INC International Concepts. V-neckline Front button closures Ruffled at front Fitted Unlined Hits at hip Created for Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4281205"
"Short-Sleeve Knit  . Lauren Ralph Lauren's casual short-sleeve knit is adorned with bold striped trim along the neck, and features an embroidered "LRL" monogram at the chest for signature Lauren style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25" long Slim fit V-neck with striped trim Short sleeves "LRL"-embroidered monogram at the left chest Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503930"
"Crochet-Bib Textured Top, Created for Macy's  . Have you been looking for comfort and sophistication? Well Style & Co provides just that with this graceful split-neck top, featuring crochet trim. Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Crochet detail at chest; textured fabric Short sleeves with rolled cuffs and button detail Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10504934"
"Colorblocked Logo Hoodie  . Layer your look to adapt to changing temperatures with Tommy Hilfiger's always stylish and undeniably iconic hoodie. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 23-1/2" long Attached hood with drawstring Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10516528"
"Printed Smocked Top, Created for Macy's  . Vintage-inspired smocking lends sweet appeal to this go-to top by Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Smocked at top and sleeves Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10555030"
"INC Double-Layer V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® revamps your casual look with this beautifully printed top in gauzy double-layer mesh. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck Double layer mesh; printed 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405082"
"Floral-Print Boat-Neck Pima Cotton Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club brings comfort, style and sophistication with this 100% Pima cotton floral-print top. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Fitted; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Button detail at left shoulder 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10519820"
"Contrast-Trim Cotton Top, Created for Macy's  . The comfortable cotton knit style of Karen Scott's scoop-neck top is brightly detailed with contrast and button trim at the double keyhole and slit sleeve edges. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with contrast trim and keyhole with button detail 3/4-sleeves with contrast-trimmed slit edges with button detail Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10337905"
"Classic Polo Shirt  . The embodiment of Lauren Ralph Lauren, this classic athleisure-inspired Polo shirt is accented with timeless stripes and enhanced with an "LRL"-embroidered monogram for signature Lauren style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25" long Slim fit Ribbed Polo collar Five-button placket "LRL"-engraved gold-tone buttons Short sleeves with ribbed cuffs "LRL"-embroidered monogram at the left chest Side-split hem Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10517423"
"Space-Dyed French Terry Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's casual hoodie comes in a space-dyed motif and a relaxed fit that carries you through the seasons with comfort. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Hooded V-neck Created For Macy's Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10199075"
"Women's Sportswear Colorblocked Logo Cropped Sweatshirt  . Update your look with this fleece from Nike, a cropped sweatshirt with colorblocking and a sporty feel. A drawstring at the hem lets you change things up. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece with woven panels at sleeves Crewneck; ribbed collar and cuffs; logo at front; drawstring at hem Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919566"
"Brisbane Ballet-Neck Top  . Embroidered eyelet brings an airy attitude to Sanctuary's Brisbane top with a ruched ballet neckline and flowy volume sleeves. Approx. length: 21" at front; 21-1/4" at back Ballet neckline with ruching Allover embroidered eyelet Long sleeves with ruched cuffs Shell: rayon; embroidery: cotton; lining: modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10566230"
"INC Ponté-Knit Twist Top, Created for Macy's  . Showcasing a twist-front detail for a flattering finish, INC International Concepts®' top is styled in a ponté-knit. Easy fit Crewneck Twist detail at front Created For Macy's Rayon/nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502728"
"Women's Dri-FIT Training Tank Top  . Perfect for any workout, this Nike tank top is in Dri-FIT fabric that helps wick away moisture. A wide racerback and elongated arm openings keep you moving. Wide racerback for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Training Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; anti-odor treatment Round neckline; elongated arm openings; logo at front Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9920667"
"INC Metallic-Trim T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Shimmering metallic detail outlines the neckline and cuffs on this contemporary T-shirt from I.N.C. International Concepts. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip V-neck Metallic trim at neckline and sleeves Created for Macy's Rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10578682"
"Cotton Printed Roll-Tab Utility Shirt  . This classic button-down shirt from Tommy Hilfiger is easy to dress up or down without missing a beat. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9-1/2"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 34" Model is wearing size S Point collar Button closure at front Roll-tab sleeves One patch pocket at chest with flag logo Easy fit Hits at hip All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4417241"
"Women's Sportswear Essential Logo Fleece Sweatshirt  . An everyday essential, this Nike Sportswear sweatshirt is in lightweight fleece for just the right amount of soft warmth. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Lightweight semi-brushed fleece Crewneck; logo at front; ribbed collar, cuffs and hem Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8908866"
"Forever Your Girl Top  . The babydoll is back and better than ever on this swingy top from Free People. We love it paired back to plaid or faux leather for an unexpectedly modern twist. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Relaxed fit Scoop neckline Babydoll-inspired tee; dropped sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose/polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10211580"
"Speckled Sweatshirt, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's speckled sweatshirt layers perfectly over jeans or leggings for casual days where you still want to look stylish. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Round neckline Embellished design at front Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10347895"
"Mesh-Inset Active T-Shirt  . Short sleeves are accented by breezy mesh insets on this active T-shirt from Marc New York. INSPIRED FOR: Active lifestyle V-neck; short sleeves with mesh inset Shell: cotton/polyester; mesh: spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565613"
"Eyelet-Pocket Tie-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Basic with a fun twist, this tie-front top with eyelet details by Style & Co is the perfect addition to your closet to spruce up your daytime look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Split neckline Eyelet Pocket at chest All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492193"
"INC Cotton Ombré Tie-Front Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A playful ombré design livens up this breezy cotton shirt from I.N.C. International Concepts, complete with a hem that can be tied at the front. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; hits at hip Point collar; front button closures Ombré design; tie at front hem Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8003875"
"Satin V-Neck Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . An essential V-neck, perfect for effortless work-outfit layering, you'll want Alfani's satin top in every color. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip V-neck Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7811228"
"One-Pocket Striped Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A classic twist, its point collar, and button-down front make this striped Style & Co top essential to your everyday wardrobe. Pair it with trousers and flats and you're ready to start your workday. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 28" long Point collar; button-front closures One-pocket at chest Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489413"
"INC Striped Zip-Detail Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' distinctively stylish top comes alive with an array of stripes and two zipper pockets at the chest. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size 4/S Hits below hip V-neckline Two zipper pockets at front Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6687458"
"Off-The-Shoulder Ruffle-Trim Top, Created for Macy's  . Bar III gives this blouse shoulder-baring style secured with cute straps. Diaphanous chiffon ruffles make their way down the sleeves for breeze-catching appeal. Hits at hip Off-the-shoulder neckline; front button closures Chiffon ruffle trim at side of sleeves Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6668400"
"Asymmetrical Necklace Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Styled in a flattering flowing fabric, this top from JM Collection charms with tied 3/4-sleeves, a removable statement necklace and an edgy asymmetrical hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Hits at hip Scoop neckline with removable statement necklace Asymmetrical hem 3/4-sleeves; ties at cuffs Lined Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Shell: polyester; lining: rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6987126"
"Stretch Knit T-Shirt  . Simple and streamlined, this slim knit T-shirt from Lauren Ralph Lauren is a weekend wardrobe mainstay. Lauren Ralph Lauren's "LRL" monogram finishes it in signature style. Crewneck Size medium has an approx. 25-1/2" body length and 33-1/2" bust "LRL" monogram embroidered at the front right hem Short sleeves Slim fit Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4626521"
"Crossover-Hem Tunic  . Styled with fluttering kimono sleeves, this elegant, flowing tunic from Karen Kane is finished with a crossover high-low hem. Travel friendly V-neckline Crossover detail at front of high-low hem Kimono sleeves Polyester Dry clean or hand wash Made in USA of imported materials Web ID: 5940462"
"Women's Cotton Heritage Logo Cropped T-Shirt  . Brilliant color outlines a sleek logo, bringing a fun look to this cropped T-shirt from Champion. Heavyweight all-cotton jersey keeps it comfy. Elbow sleeves for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Heavyweight jersey with double stitching for added durability Bound crewneck; logo at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10622722"
"INC Linen-Blend Utility Shirt, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts buttons-up your look in this polished utility shirt, styled with clever roll-tab sleeves and contrasting panel detail at the sides and sleeves. Hits at lower hip V-neckline; front button closures Two pockets at chest; contrast panels at sides and sleeves Roll-tab sleeves Created for Macy's Body: linen; panels: rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5841492"
"Embellished Ruched Side-Tie Top, Created for Macys  . Go for understated glam with this relaxed top from JM Collection, trimmed in rhinestones down to striking the asymmetrical hem. Ruching and a tie accent the waist. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip: approx. 29" long from center back neck Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Asymmetrical overlay with ruching at side; rhinestones at sleeves, hem Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8398304"
"Dainty Blooms Peasant Top, Regular & Petite  . Add a touch of contemporary charm to your closet with this bloom-covered peasant top from Michael Michael Kors. Approx. 25" long from high-point shoulder to hem Scoop neckline Light shirring at neckline and cuffs 3/4-sleeves Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511109"
"Tie-Cuff Lace-Trim Rumple Blouse  . Vince Camuto trims this textured blouse with pretty lace for an elegant update to your go-to wardrobe. Approx. 26" long Split neck with buttons at center front Lace with trim at shoulders, back and sleeves Tie cuffs at long sleeves Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525866"
"Moonlight Dance Tunic Top  . Embrace your inner goddess in this beautiful, flowy tunic from Free People. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Plunging V-neck with tie strings Crochet inset; ruffled detailing Exaggerating 3/4-sleeves ABOUT THIS BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10481482"
"Short Sleeve Classic Fit Polo Shirt  . Whether it's worn sporty or polished, this casual chic wardrobe staple can be defined by comfort, innovation, elegance, and authenticity. Point collar and five button front placket Lacoste classic fit Signature embroidered Lacoste crocodile on left chest Iconic and always authentic mother of pearl bottoms Model measurements - Height 5'11", waist 27", bust 32", hips 37" Cotton Machine Washable, Do Not Tumble Dry Imported Web ID: 1841770"
"INC Cotton Crewneck Top, Created for Macy's  . Classic cotton jersey style makes this INC International Concepts® fitted crewneck the top you'll wear today and for many tomorrows, as a layer or simply paired with pants or jeans. Fitted tee Runs small Crewneck Created For Macy's 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10471982"
"INC Split Neck Utility Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Stay chic every day of the week with INC International Concepts' essential utility shirt. A contrasting woven front adds must-have appeal while a stretchable knit back keeps the look comfy, too! Band collar; split neckline Pullover styling Short dolman sleeves Buttoned patch pockets at chest Woven front; knit back Hits at hip Created for Macy's Also available in petite sizes designed to fit 5'4" and under frame. Web ID: 2285271 Front: polyester; back: rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10358185"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Varsity T-Shirt  . A script logo brings a varsity vibe to this Nike Sportswear T-shirt. It's in all cotton for the soft comfort you love. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; script logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919601"
"Printed Pleat-Back Top, Created for Macy's  . Boasting a versatile, contemporary print, this blouse from JM Collection features subtle pleats at the back for added stylish dimension. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Crewneck; hidden button closures Pleats at back 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492349"
"Side-Zipper Top, Created for Macy's  . Vary the look and the fit with this top from Ideology, a versatile casual or active piece with functional zippers at the sides. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Approx. 27" long Drop hem for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Scoop neckline; zippers at sides Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10456099"
"INC Ribbed-Knit Turtleneck, Created for Macy's  . Update your casual collection with this ribbed knit top from INC International Concepts, designed with fitted silhouette and topped off with a cozy turtleneck. Turtleneck Ribbed throughout Fitted Hits at hip Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5229865"
"Halo T-Shirt  . Perfect for casual-cool vibes, Free People's versatile basic T-shirt features an oversized fit and drop sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Oversized fit Scoop neckline Short drop sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10401418"
"Women's Cotton Printed-Logo Racerback Tank Top  . Soft and shimmery, this adidas tank top is in all cotton for a great feel. A racerback and elongated arm openings help keep you cool. Racerback Curved hem for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; elongated arm openings; color-shifting logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9943098"
"INC Draped-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Draped across the midsection for textured detail, this INC International Concepts®' top brings instant interest to your looks. Fitted Scoop neckline Twisted, draped detail at front Created For Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471992"
"Ruffle-Neck Button-Up Blouse  . Subtle ruffles frame the polished look of Anne Klein's sophisticated woven blouse. Approx. 26-3/8" long Ruffled mock neck; button closures at front Ruffled trim at long sleeves Polyester; lining: polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10514583"
"Vacay Tank Top  . Everyday feels like a break from monotony with Free People's Vacay tank top, buttoned down the front and trimmed with unfinished edges. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Approx. 25-1/2" long Scoop neckline; front button closures Frayed edges Linen/viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489829"
"Scoop-Neck Sleeveless Bodysuit Top, Created for Macy's  . With a figure-hugging fit and flattering scoop neckline, Bar III's bodysuit top goes with just about any kind of bottoms seamlessly. Scoop neckline; metal snap closure at bottom Created for Macy's Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6874616"
"Women's UA Tech™ Half-Zip Top  . Heathered-look performance fabric and rolled side seams bring a sleek look to this training top from Under Armour. The half-zip closure lets you adjust the coverage. Loose: Generous, more relaxed fit. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip INSPIRED FOR: Training UA Tech™ fabric with moisture wicking technology; anti-odor technology Stand collar; half-zip closure; long raglan sleeves; rolled-forward side seams for an enhance fit Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5243950"
"Celestina Off-The-Shoulder Top  . Go all out in this attention-grabbing top from GUESS. Dramatic ruffles make this an extra-fun pick for party nights. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Ruffled off-the-shoulder neckline Peplum hem Long ruffled sleeves with tiered layers Polyester/viscose/rayon; sleeve lining: polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10485728"
"Cotton Crochet-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Charming and classic, this all-cotton top from Karen Scott features crochet at the front for sweet timeless style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with crochet at bib Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10456178"
"Blue Ridge Indigo Top  . For effortless, go-with-the-flow style, Free People's Blue Ridge Indigo Top slips on for that dreamy boho look you love. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Split neckline; button-front closures Trim at neckline; seaming details Short flutter sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10786612"
"Gauze One-Shoulder Tie-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Softly falling off one shoulder, this tie-hem top from Thalia Sodi enhances your look with a touch of metallic bling in its shoulder strap. Hits at hip One-shoulder neckline Metallic-embellished strap at bare shoulder; ties at one side of hem Single 3/4 bell sleeve Created for Macy's Rayon/polyester; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8637725"
"INC Bow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Contrasting bow insets at the sleeves add undeniable charm to this 3/4-sleeve top from INC International Concepts. Crew neckline Contrasting bow cutouts at sleeves 3/4-sleeves Hits at hip Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5368520"
"Tie-Front Satin Top, Created for Macy's  . An elegant update on a button-down classic, this satin blouse from Bar III finishes with a tie at the waist for a touch of fun. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 20" long Notch lapels; button closure at front Tie at waist Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489749"
"Split-Back T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Upgrade your T-shirt look with this fun top from Ideology. A split back and relaxed fit let you move. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Approx. 27-1/2" long; relaxed fit; split back Crewneck Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10566314"
"Dip-Dyed T-Shirt  . An exotic animal print and colorful dip-dye combine to create Lauren Ralph Lauren's vibrant cotton t-shirt. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 24-1/2" long Slim fit Crewneck Extended sleeves Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 11075106"
"Printed Jacquard Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Absolutely effortless, this JM Collection top is never short on style. A textured finish punctuates this classic wardrobe piece featuring a crew neckline and 3/4-sleeves. Available in Regular & Petite sizes Crew neckline Textured pattern 3/4-sleeves Fitted; hits at hip Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5701582"
"Roll-Front Blouse, Created for Macy's  . A rolled front hem creates a uniquely beautiful look on this floral-inspired blouse from Alfani. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 25-1/2" long Point collar; front button closures Ties at cuffs; rolled front hem Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529056"
"3/4-Sleeve Jacquard T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Truly effortless, this JM Collection top is never short on style. A textured finish punctuates this classic wardrobe piece featuring a crew neck and 3/4-sleeves. Crewneck Textured print 3/4-sleeves Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10335830"
"Scoop-Neck Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Be simply chic in JM Collection's scoop-neck top. Scoop neckline Three-quarter sleeves Relaxed fit Hits below hip Available in Regular & Petite sizes Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10216628"
"Chiffon-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co. lends a chic update to the basic tee with ruched sleeves and a pretty chiffon hem. Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Model is wearing size small Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Hits below hip Scoop neckline; three-quarter-sleeves with ruching and chiffon hem Created for Macy's Need a Petite Size? Shop Web ID: 5229422 Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 2351393"
"Big Sur Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . California on your mind? This effortless stretch-knit top from Free People's We The Free collection is totally nostalgic with its washed tie-dye print accented with a distressed raw hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Stretch fit Scoop neckline Unlined ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10209015"
"Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Let your look soar with JM Collection's flutter-sleeve top, finished with a banded hem. Scoop neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Flutter sleeves Lined Banded hem Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Shell and lining: polyester; band: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9996280"
"Women's Metallic-Accent Fleece Quarter-Zip Top  . Cozy up to a standout look with this half-zip top from adidas Originals. Gleaming gold accents polish the soft fleece. Relaxed fit High neckline for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Stand collar; quarter-zip closure at front; vents at sides; metallic logo, stripes Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525936"
"Off-The-Shoulder Puff Sleeve Top  . Ruched sleeves and a stretchy off-the-shoulder boat neckline create modern drama and style on this chic top from MSK. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Elasticized boat neckline Elasticized waistband with bow at front hem Ruched 3/4-sleeves Polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10359236"
"Floral-Print Tulip-Sleeve Blouse  . Flowing tulip sleeves bring a soft finish to this floral-print blouse from Vince Camuto. Approx. 23-1/2" long Round neck Short tulip sleeves with trim Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525855"
"Halo T-Shirt  . A chic remix of a comfy fave, this Free People T-shirt is in a relaxed fit with drop shoulders for a fresh vibe. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Oversized fit Scoop neckline Short sleeves with drop shoulders ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10389772"
"Cold-Shoulder Short-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . The curve of your shoulder shows through on-trend cutouts on this Bar III top, featuring straps that adjust to your ideal fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 16-3/4" long V-neck Short sleeves with cold shoulders; adjustable spaghetti straps Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10491952"
"Split-Neck Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Accentuated with a split-neck and seamed details, Style & Co's tunic top is the perfect way to elevate your casual wardrobe. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split-neck Created For Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489370"
"Little Cutie Cardigan Sweater  . Get ready to stun in this on-trend Free People top, with a cropped, fitted silhouette, ribbed texture and button-up closures. Round neckline; button closures at front Ribbed texture ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs Cotton/viscose Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565787"
"Scoop-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Be simply chic in JM Collection's scoop-neck top. Scoop neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Three-quarter sleeves Relaxed fit Hits below hip Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 11075098"
"INC Sequin-Fringe T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Your fave tee just got a fab makeover. This one by INC International Concepts® goes all-out glam with fringy sequins to shake things up. Crewneck Sequin fringe detail at neckline; puff shoulders Unlined Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10472042"
"FP Movement First Choice Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . You'll always go first in this so-soft, lightweight T-shirt, featuring long dolman sleeves with a slouchy fit and convenient hip pockets. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Approx. 24-3/4" long Scoop neckline Slanted hip pockets; ribbed at cuffs and hem Long dolman sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/cotton/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471392"
"In Rainbows Knit-Detail Top  . Retro-inspired with colorblocked piecing at its shoulders and back, the In Rainbows top from Free People is always fun to style. Scoop neckline Knitted colorblocking at shoulders and back 3/4-sleeves Cotton; knitted detail: cotton/polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786592"
"Cotton Crochet-Trim Top, Created for Macy's  . A sweet look with crochet at the neckline and sleeves, this cotton top from Karen Scott gives you soft style and timeless charm. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Crochet trim at neckline, sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461205"
"3/4-Sleeve Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Alfani works wonders in your wardrobe with this stylish tunic designed with charming 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 29-1/4" long Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9989505"
"Crewneck Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Put together an effortless casual look starting with this roomy top from Eileen Fisher fashioned with a classic crewneck. Approx. 22-3/4" long Crewneck Tencel® lyocell/nylon/spandex Dry clean Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10442611"
"Studded Cuffed-Sleeve Top  . Extended sleeves keep the look of this Vince Camuto top totally relaxed. Studs of varying sizes flow down its front for a modern finish. Approx. 24" long Scoop neckline Stud embellishments at front Short extended sleeves with cuffs Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10513729"
"Striped Piqué Polo Shirt  . Wide colorblocked stripes decorate this piqué polo from Tommy Hilfiger, accented with a classic logo at the left chest. Spread collar; 5 button closures Embroidered logo at left chest Relaxed fit; hits at hip Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5791688"
"Monogram Mesh Polo  . Bringing a touch of sophistication to Lauren Ralph Lauren's iconic Polo shirt, this updated version features an embroidered "LRL" logo at the left chest. Size medium has an approx. 25" body length Model is 5'10"/178 cm Slim fit Intended to hit at the hip Ribbed Polo collar with contrast tipping Five-button placket Short sleeves with ribbed armbands Signature embroidered LRL monogram at the left chest Tennis tail Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6262680"
"Tie-Neck Chiffon & Lace Top  . Flowy chiffon frames the rich lace of Tahari ASL's tie-neck top that can dress up every outfit and any occasion. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 24" long from center back neck to hem Mock-neck with side tie; hidden zipper with hook-and-eye closure at center back Lace partially lined bodice with unlined yoke; scalloped hemline Chiffon raglan long sleeves with elasticized smocked cuffs Shell: cotton/nylon; sleeves and tie: polyester; lining: polyester Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10528860"
"Sunny Cotton Sequined T-Shirt  . It's all about the details when it comes this GUESS T-shirt. A sequined palm print in front and self-ties at the back hem dress up this slouchy, drop-shoulder cotton piece. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Sequined print at front; self-ties at back hem Drop-shoulder short sleeves; cuffed Cotton/model Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10485847"
"Printed Scalloped Cotton Top, Created for Macy's  . Crafted from comfortable cotton, Karen Scott's timeless top features a delicate front print, unique scalloped hem and is finished with flattering elbow-length sleeves for added coverage. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 26-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Crewneck Scalloped hem Elbow-length sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10442480"
"INC V-Neck Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Go casual with this I.N.C. International Concepts short-sleeve tunic with a contrasting texture trim that creates subtle boho style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck Hits below hip Created for Macy's Body: rayon; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 7477974"
"Eyelet-Sleeve Tie-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co adds drama to a V-neck top with full eyelet fabric sleeves and a waist-defining tie at the front of the hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 22" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Tie-front hem Eyelet-trimmed full sleeves; scalloped cuffs Created For Macy's Polyester/cotton/rayon; sleeve: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10514277"
"INC Ruched-Side Top, Created for Macy's  . A flattering ruched detail at the side pairs with a classic scoop neckline for a pretty look with this knit top from INC International Concepts®. Fitted Scoop neckline Ruched at side Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10498964"
"Women's UA Tech Graphic T-Shirt  . An ultra-soft feel with tough performance, this Under Armour T-shirt is in quick-drying UA Tech fabric enhanced with moisture-wicking technology. INSPIRED FOR: Training Ultra-soft, quick-drying UA Tech fabric; wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; anti-odor technology Crewneck; logo graphic at front Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 9984439"
"Crochet-Trim Henley Top, Created for Macy's  . Crafty tonal crochet trim adds artisan-inspired touches to the front bib and sleeve cuffs of this Henley knit top from Karen Scott. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Henley neckline with button trim Crochet bib overlay 3/4-sleeves with crochet trim Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester; crochet trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10337968"
"Polka Dot V-Neck Blouse  . Subtle ruching under the bust gives soft structure to this short-sleeved blouse from Vince Camuto for a touch of romance. Approx. 24-1/4" long V-neck; button-front closures Short sleeves with side-tie details Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10631179"
"Ruffled V-Neck Blouse  . Add feminine charm to off-duty looks with this romance-inspiring CeCe top, the perfect mix of soft florals and flowy ruffles. Approx. 24" long V-neck Ruffle details Unlined Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10508780"
"Sweet Emotion Top  . Take boho flair to the max in this drapey peasant top from Free People. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Scoop neckline; front button closures Embroidered; crocheted lace trim; frayed detail Long peasant sleeves; cinched drawstring cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Rayon Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10467675"
"INC Illusion-Detail T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . An illusion detail sweeps diagonally across the neckline of this I.N.C. International Concepts' top, a dramatic and alluring take on the traditional T-shirt. Hits at hip Crewneck Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8540231"
"Snake-Print Tunic Top, Created for Macy's  . Add a fierce twist to any look with Bar III's must-have snake-print tunic. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 38-1/2" long Split neckline Smocked waist Long sheer sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489747"
"Printed Tie-Front Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Update your daytime look with Alfani's printed top, featuring a flattering tie-front hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Approx. 25" long V-neck; front button closures Tie at front hem Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529085"
"Contrast-Trim Keyhole Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . From the office to out, Karen Scott's classic elbow-sleeve top features chic contrast trim and a sophisticated keyhole accent at the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 27" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Keyhole at front Elbow-length sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10442506"
"Graphic-Print V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . A bandana-inspired graphic at the front of this V-neck T-shirt from Style & Co gives your casual look modern flair. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neckline Graphic print at front Created for Macy's Polyester/ rayon Machine washable Made in China Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8051424"
"Polka-Dot Polo Shirt  . This classic athleisure-inspired Polo shirt is enhanced with a delicate polka-dot print and an embroidered "LRL monogram for signature Lauren Ralph Lauren style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25" long Slim fit Ribbed Polo collar Five-button placket "LRL"-engraved gold-tone buttons Short sleeves with ribbed cuffs "LRL"-embroidered monogram at the left chest Side-split hem Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10575563"
"Sleeveless Scoop-Neck Shell, Created for Macy's  . The sophisticated layer your wear-to-work wardrobe needs, by Alfani. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Scoop neckline Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7234607"
"Lotus Flower Graphic-Print T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A pretty lotus flower graphic graces the front of this comfortable short-sleeve T-shirt from Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Lotus flower graphic print at front Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10386711"
"Ruched-Neck Tunic Top, Created for Macy's  . This tunic and your favorite jeans will be best friends forever! Style & Co levels up your laid-back look with this printed option. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop-neck Ruching at neck Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489368"
"INC Cotton Twisted T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts®' cotton T-shirt is designed with a chic denim-look wash and a twisted front hem. Fitted V-neck Washed denim look; twisted at front hem Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502703"
"Women's Cotton Slim 3-Stripe T-Shirt  . Work out or chill out in the naturally breathable cotton comfort of this adidas T-shirt. Three stripes add authenticity to the slim-fitting top. Slim fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Ribbed crewneck; three stripes at sleeves; logo at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10563952"
"Chiffon-Yoke Charmeuse Top  . Luxe charmeuse and chiffon at the yoke and sleeves combine for sophisticated elegance in this Vince Camuto top. Approx. 24" long Crewneck; buttoned keyhole closure at back neck Chiffon yoke Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10585584"
"Weekend Rush Henley Top  . A must-have piece for effortless style: This Free People top features a loose, cropped fit that sways along with your every move. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Loose fit Point collar; partial front button closures Side vents at hem; dropped shoulders ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10467677"
"INC Mesh-Inset Off-The-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' fitted top pairs an off-the-shoulder neckline with sheer mesh insets for a sultry short-sleeve look. Hits at hip Off-the-shoulder neckline Mesh inset at front, back and sleeves Created for Macy's Body: rayon/spandex; mesh: nylon; exclusive of elastic Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5837653"
"Ruched Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Explore a fresh look in off-the-shoulder chic with this Thalia Sodi top, a sleek silhouette accented with a single ruched strap and glistening rhinestones. Model is wearing a size medium Off-the-shoulder neckline Ruched strap with rhinestone buckle at left Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10536293"
"High Tide Printed Top  . Free People's High Tide top is gorgeous with a printed finish and effortless, slouchy style with dropped armholes. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Crewneck Dropped armholes; vented hem Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786602"
"Cotton Boat-Neck Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . A comfy essential with near-limitless potential, this relaxed cotton tank top from Karen Scott is in a boat neckline for a stylish look layered or alone. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10255500"
"Sweetness T-Shirt  . An essential go-to for effortless style, this Free People T-shirt showcases a slouchy silhouette and lightweight heathered fabrication. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Scoop neck Raw-edge seam detailing; high-low hem Rolled cap sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/cotton/viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10531319"
"Printed Scoop-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Cute cacti transform this simple Style & Co tee into something whimsical. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 28" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Printed Unlined Created For Macy's 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10454734"
"Cold-Shoulder Overlay Top, Created for Macy's  . Give your casual collection a gorgeous update with this cold-shoulder top from Thalia Sodi, designed with sparkling embellishments that highlight the crocheted straps and finished with an overlay that flows over the bodice. Hits at hip Scoop neckline Overlay at bodice Crochet straps with embellishments; cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex; overlay: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8805665"
"Printed Flutter-Sleeve Top  . Finished with fluffy tassels and ruffly flutter sleeves, CeCe's painterly printed top blooms with soft style. Approx. 24-1/4" long. Length is based on size small/6 Split round neckline with tassel-trimmed ties Ruching at front and back yoke seams Flutter cap sleeves Shell: polyester; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786049"
"Short Sleeve Henley Top, Created for Macy's  . The throw on and go wardrobe essential, this Karen Scott Henley short sleeve top is super comfy and versatile for any outfit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size medium Approx. 27" long Henley neckline; pullover styling Button closure at neckline Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6874682"
"The One Baby Tee  . The One Baby Tee is a serious wardrobe essential. A cropped, boxy fit that screams comfort, it pairs back perfectly with your fave high waisted denim. Pick it up in a range of trending colours for easy, everyday styling. Approx. model height is 173 cm and she is wearing a size S/8 Cropped body length Boxy fit Rounded neckline Please note that this item has Australian sizing Please select the Australian size above when placing order, Australian size will come on the tag sewn-in to the garment, but will fit like the US sizing below Sizing conversions (extended): US 0 = XXXS/AUR 4, US 2 = XXS/AUS 6, US 4 = XS/AUS 8, US 6 = S/AUS 10, US 8 = M/AUS 12, US 10 = L/AUS 14, US 12 = XL/AUS 16, US 14 = XXL/AUS 18 This item purchased online must be returned to the vendor by mail only. This item cannot be returned to Macy's stores. 100% Cotton Cold Hand Wash Inside Out, Do Not Bleach Or Wring, Line Dry In Shade, Do Not Tumble Dry, Cool Iron Inside Out , Do Not Iron Trim, Do Not Dry Clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10572238"
"Colorblocked Zippered Hoodie  . Warm up in an icon with this zippered hoodie from Tommy Hilfiger, featuring the brand's signature colors in bold stripes. Relaxed fit; approx. 24" long Attached hood with drawstring; front zipper closure Striped at top front and cuffs Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10539615"
"INC Embroidered Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts delivers a flawless look with this embroidered top, styled with chic cold-shoulder cutouts and a halter neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Hits at hip Halter neckline Embroidered throughout Cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Shell: cotton; embroidery: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8307166"
"INC Tie-Dye Twist-Front T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Good vibes only. INC International Concepts® brings back a cool retro classic, with a little twist! Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Crewneck Tie dye; twist-front detail Unlined Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471987"
"Women's Sportswear Logo Patch Fleece Hoodie  . Customize your look with this fun hoodie from Nike, a relaxed fit in soft fleece with removable logo patches that let you change things up. Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Attached hood; logo with removable patches at front Cotton/polyester; hood lining: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900019"
"Silk Sleeveless Top  . Fashioned in 100% luxurious silk, Eileen Fisher's sleeveless top brings polish and effortless sophistication to your weekday style. Approx. 23" long V-neck; hidden button closures 100% Silk Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10539154"
"Women's Graphic Sportstyle Classic Crew  . A classic logo tee from Under Armour provides all day comfort Super-soft Material wicks sweat dries really fast Ribbed collar Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8791284"
"Striped Tunic, Regular & Petite  . Say hello to your favorite new top from Michael Michael Kors designed with classic stripes and a split neckline. Approx. 28" long; petite approx. 26" Split neckline 3/4-sleeves Available in regular and petite sizes Linen/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511131"
"Printed Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . A cascading hem creates a slimming and stylish effect for this versatile stretch top by Alfani. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 30-3/4" long Scoop neckline Asymmetrical hem 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529043"
"INC Cotton Puff-Sleeve Eyelet Faux-Wrap Top, Created for Macy's  . Delicate cotton eyelet enhances the pretty feel of this faux-wrap cotton top from INC International Concepts®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Tailored fit V-neck; tie at left side Allover eyelet Short puff sleeves Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502678"
"Henley Tunic  . The timeless Henley gets a chic remake in this look from Anne Klein, a soft tunic finished with vents at the sides. Hits at low hip with vents at sides Henley collar Polyester Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7213130"
"Sheared Jacquard Top, Regular & Petite  . Work some enviable style into your wardrobe with this textured top from Michael Michael Kors, designed with open dots scattered throughout for a semi-sheer look. Approx. 24" long; petite approx. 22" Scoop neckline Allover textured detail with open dots Shown with tank top sold separately Available in regular and petite sizes Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10511095"
"Printed Graphic Top, Created for Macy's  . Add an artistic touch to your wardrobe with Style & Co's printed graphic top. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Rolled cap sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405758"
"Frederica Burnout-Print Shirt  . GUESS revs up a traditional shirt with a semi-sheer burnout print and a feminine fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Point collar; front button closures Burnout print Semi-sheer fabric is unlined Cotton/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484084"
"INC Smocked Peasant Top, Created for Macy's  . Elevate your off-duty looks with this INC International Concepts® style, a cute peasant top that's flowy & fitted in all the right places. Model is wearing a size small Off-the-shoulder neckline Smocked at waist and cuffs Unlined Created For Macy's Body: rayon/polyester/spandex; elastic: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10405106"
"Mesh Sleeveless Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Basics are forever. This mesh, sleeveless tank top by Style & Co is sure to keep you comfortable and classic-looking. Layer it up with an open-front cardigan to add a cozy element. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Scoop neckline Mesh inset at front Created For Macy's Nylon/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10506895"
"Side-Tie Tunic Top  . Level up your off-duty look in this Calvin Klein tunic, featuring a side-tie detail at the hem and a relaxed fit that drapes stylishly. Approx. 27-1/2" long Scoop neckline Side tie at hem Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10577111"
"Give A Little Mesh Top  . Colorful embroidery totally covers this whimsical Free People top. Layer it over a cami or bodysuit for the perfect peekaboo effect. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. length: 22" Crewneck; keyhole closure at back Embroidered detailing throughout Unlined; wear with layers ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Nylon; embroidery: polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471385"
"Lace-Inset Top, Created for Macy's  . This short-sleeve top by Style & Co features lace insets at the shoulders and sleeves for a flair of charm and elegance. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 23-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop-neck Lace insets at shoulder and sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10462262"
"Printed High Low Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Alfani adds graceful movement to this swingy top, perfect for keeping up with you during your busiest of work days. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits below hip Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8492448"
"Boat Neckline Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's sleeveless top is versatility itself, pairing perfectly with pants, skirts and suits in a wide range of styles with its beautifully simple design. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Easy fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6379992"
"3/4-Sleeve Printed Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection delivers one of the most reliable silhouettes in fashion with a gorgeous print on this versatile 3/4-sleeve top. Available in Regular & Petite sizes Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Relaxed fit Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9503626"
"Clip-Dot-Sleeve Top  . Clip-dot detailing adds nubby texture and fresh tone to this pretty CeCe V-neck blouse. V-neckline Puff-shoulder short sleeves Polyester/spandex Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10538738"
"Effortless T-Shirt  . It's all in the name with the Effortless T-shirt by Free People, framed with floaty flutter sleeves and raw edges. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Approx. 24-1/2" long V-neck Raw edges Cap flutter sleeves Polyester/cotton/viscose Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489827"
"Ladder-Trim Top  . Vince Camuto's split-neck top adds interest to your look with open ladder trim accenting its sleeves. Approx. 25-1/2" long Split neckline Open ladder trim at sleeves and neckline Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10577828"
"Chiffon-Trim High-Low Top, Created for Macy's  . Designed with a longer length that's perfect for layering over leggings and skinny jeans, Alfani's breezy high-low top gets an added boost of style from its elegant chiffon-trimmed hem and unexpected split at the back. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. length: 26-3/8" Scoop neckline Chiffon trim at hem and split at back; high-low hem Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex; chiffon trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492434"
"Beekman Buttoned-Neck Top  . Versatile enough to take you from the office to dinner, the Beekman top from Anne Klein features dot print and a high neckline. Approx. 28-1/2" long High neckline with buttons Polyester Dry clean Imported Web ID: 10504073"
"Organic Cotton Textured Top  . Soft organic cotton in a textured, tonal pattern defines this elegant top from Eileen Fisher. Pair it with sleek pants for a chic any-day look. Approx. 22-3/4" long Crewneck Square texture throughout 100% organic cotton Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10577421"
"Women's adicolor Cotton Trefoil T-Shirt  . Rock a classic look in this adidas Originals adicolor T-shirt, in soft cotton with stretch for enhanced comfort. A large logo adds a retro vibe. Soft cotton with a bit of stretch Hits at hip A trefoil logo adds a retro vibe Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4988807"
"Printed Ruffled Top  . Shaped with ruffles and a matching belt to float around your frame, this Vince Camuto top is a pretty piece that dresses up or down. Approx. 25" long Surplice neckline; hidden zipper closure at back Ruffled edges at armholes and hem; matching belt at waist Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10505104"
"Cotton Earth-Pop Graphic Cutout T-Shirt  . A bold graphic print and a cutout at the sleeve turn up the edge on this laid-back cotton T-shirt from GUESS. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Contrast crewneck Cutout at left sleeve; graphic print at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10513849"
"Stretch Tank Top  . In stretch cotton, this classic ribbed tank top from Lauren Ralph Lauren is a layering essential. Size medium has an approx. 24-1/4" body length, 28" bust, 12-1/2" shoulder, and 26" waist Model is 5'10"/178 cm and has a 32" bust Slim fit Intended to hit at the hip Scoopneck Sleeveless silhouette Embroidered LRL logo at the right hem Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6163175"
"Floral-Print Scoop-Neck Jacquard Top, Created for Macy's  . Add a ray of sunshine to your day with JM Collection's floral-print scoop-neck jacquard top, featuring 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Textured fabric 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497853"
"Zipper-Trim 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Zipper trim at the neckline and 3/4-sleeves with ruching and roll-tabs update this essential top from JM Collection. V-neckline with zipper trim Ruched sleeves with roll-tabs 3/4-sleeves Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5674097"
"Lola Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Embrace boho spirit in the Lola top from Free People, featuring elaborate lace trim to sweeten your style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small V-neck Mesh and lace trim throughout ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/viscose Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10514643"
"Serene Stripe Side-Tie Top  . Elevate your casual look with this Vince Camuto top, in soft fabric with slender stripes and a tie at the side that accents your shape. Approx. 25" long Round neckline Tie at waist Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525808"
"Bandana-Graphic Cotton T-Shirt  . Add a little oomph to your casual look with this cool cotton T-shirt from Lucky Brand, showcasing a stylish bandana graphic. Crewneck Printed at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10566036"
"The Turn Back Tank  . The turn back tank. Approx. model height is 173 cm and she is wearing a size S/2243 90's Inspired rib tank High neck Racer back Please note that this item has Australian sizing Please select the Australian size above when placing order. Australian size will come on the tag sewn-in to the garment, but will fit like the US sizing below Sizing conversions (extended): US 0 = XXXS/AUR 4, US 2 = XXS/AUS 6, US 4 = XS/AUS 8, US 6 = S/AUS 10, US 8 = M/AUS 12, US 10 = L/AUS 14, US 12 = XL/AUS 16, US 14 = XXL/AUS 18 Cotton, Elastane Cold Machine Wash Wash With Like Colours Do Not Bleach or Wring Do Not Tumble Dry Cool Iron Do Not Dry Clean Imported Web ID: 10131229"
"Racerback Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . You're ready to move with this seamless tank top from Ideology, a smooth feel with a long racerback for easy mobility. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Semi-fitted; seamless; racerback Scoop neckline Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10322741"
"Lou Tie-Hem T-Shirt  . Get tied up in this fun and trendy T-shirt from Sanctuary. Approx. 22-1/2" long Scoop neckline Ties at hem Cotton/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519263"
"INC Ribbed Cold-Shoulder T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Shoulder cutouts and colorblocked styling up the appeal of this ribbed, long-sleeve T-shirt from I.N.C. International Concepts. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size 4/small Fitted; hits at hip Crew neckline Shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6552879"
"Zip-Up Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . Comfort and style are showcased together in this relaxed, zip-up Style & Co hoodie, featuring kangaroo front-pocket details. Model is wearing size small Full-zip closure Kangaroo Pockets at Front Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484324"
"Tulip-Hem Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A fresh look for the studio or the streets, this Ideology top features a sleek tunic silhouette finished with a tulip hem. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 35" Model is wearing size small Semi-fitted Pockets at sides; tulip hem Hits at low hip Created for Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5765501"
"Boat-Neck Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Refresh your weekday wear by way of this solid boat-neck top from Karen Scott with short sleeves and a relaxed fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Boat-neck Boat-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10175937"
"Feelin It Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Bold pattern mixing takes this Free People top to new heights, with exaggerated puff sleeves to make this one a statement piece. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS Approx. length: 28" Scoop neckline ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Shell: polyester/cotton; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10344656"
"Women's Design 2 Move Split-Back Logo Training Tank Top  . Energize your workout with this fresh look from adidas, a performance tank top with a deep V-vent at the back for stylish comfort. Hits at hip; racerback; deep vent at middle back INSPIRED FOR: Training ClimaLite® wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; mesh panels for added breathability Scoop neck; logo at front Recycled polyester/elastane; mesh: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6760132"
"Linen Front-Pocket Tunic  . Lighten up with this soft linen look by Anne Klein, a flawless tunic with a flattering high-low hem. Approx. 35" long V-neck; front-button closures Chest pockets; woven; high-low hem Linen/polyester Dry clean or hand wash Imported Web ID: 10521218"
"La Femme T-Shirt  . Pretty meets boho in this ultra-femme T-shirt from Free People, featuring a fun interplay of ruffles and lace trimming on an effortless boxy fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Approx. 22" long; oversized fit Ruffled mock neck; back button closure with keyhole opening Crocheted lace trim; pleat details Ruffled short sleeves ABOUT THIS BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/lyocell/linen; trim: cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10481495"
"Elbow-Sleeve Top  . Lauren Ralph Lauren's timeless wardrobe staple is crafted from a soft cotton blend and features an "LRL" monogram at the waist for signature Lauren style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 25" long Slim fit V-neck Elbow sleeves with folded cuffs Side-split hem "LRL"-embroidery at the right waist Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10566270"
"Cotton Top  . A staple that styles countless ways, this simple Calvin Klein top in smooth, breathable cotton is a must. Approx. model height is 5'10" & wears size S Hits at hip Crewneck Metallic hardware at hip All cotton Dry clean Imported Web ID: 8286314"
"Split-Neck Roll-Tab-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Classic, collarless and full of wardrobe possibilities, Style & Co's split-neck top sports smart roll-tab sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split rounded neckline with button-trimmed tab Pleated patch pockets with buttoned flaps at chest; shirttail hemline Roll-tab 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8049553"
"Women's Batwing Logo Cotton Cities T-Shirt  . Display your city pride with this popular Levi's® T-shirt. Pair it with your favorite Levi's® jeans for a quick and effortlessly stylish outfit. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Crewneck All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6698026"
"Paisley-Print 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club features a vibrant paisley pattern with this soft, 100% Supima cotton top. Pair with your favorite jeans for a comfortable all-day look. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Fitted; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10458611"
"Kia Henley T-Shirt  . Simple and sheer, the Kia top from Free People boasts a Henley neckline and exposed seams for the ultimate laid-back, lived-in feel. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Henley neckline Exposed seams throughout Semi-sheer; wear with layers Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786631"
"Dani V-Neck Tank Top  . A relaxed, swingy fit lends cool-girl attitude to this ribbed tank top from Free People, styled with a breezy V-back and deep armholes. V-neckline Allover ribbing; deep armholes; V-back design Relaxed fit; hits at hip ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of juniors' clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 5485986"
"INC Solid Twist-Front Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Elevate your off-duty looks with this elegant INC International Concepts®' blouse, a strategically twisted style that pairs perfectly with high-rise denim. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit V-neck Twisted front detail Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10472028"
"Making Me Smile Top  . Ruffles and mesh come together on a cropped silhouette to give the Making Me Smile top from Free People unquestionably chic style. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Approx. 18-3/4" long V-neck Ruffled tiers throughout; allover mesh Flutter sleeves Semi-sheer; wear with layers Nylon Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10786657"
"Swing Blouse, Created for Macy's  . A swingy silhouette lend endless charm to this blouse from Style & Co, a button-down pick designed with 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline; front button closures Swing hem 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10347953"
"Floral-Print Scoop-Neck Jacquard Top, Created for Macy's  . Don't throw on any ordinary ensemble when you can add this delicate floral-print jacquard top by JM Collection to your wardrobe. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Textured fabric Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497852"
"INC Tie-Dye Button-Up Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A not-so-basic button-up. INC International Concepts®' current take on the look incorporates a bold tie-dye print that's perfect for the creative office space. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Point collar; button-front closures Tie-dye print Chest pockets Sheer; wear with layers Created For Macy's Polyester; trim: plastic Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10472011"
"INC Ruffled Off-The-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' contemporary top has a ruffled off-the-shoulder neckline kept in place with clever straps. Hits at hip Off-the-shoulder elasticized neckline with straps Ruffle at neckline Short ruffled sleeves Created for Macy's Cotton/spandex; ruffle: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5713239"
"Colorblocked Sweater  . Tommy Hilfiger Sport gives your sweater style an athleisure spin with this sporty colorblocked sweater. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 22" long V-neck Colorblocked design Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10516522"
"Floral-Print Boat-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . A soft floral print with an ombré feel polishes this Charter Club top, a fresh look with a graceful boat neckline. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Decorative buttons at shoulders 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503808"
"Surplice-Neck Thong Bodysuit, Created for Macy's  . Bar III's surplice-neck bodysuit features a thong back to keep your profile neat and smooth, no matter how much you move. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Thong back Surplice neckline; snap closures at gusset Created For Macy's Polyester; underwear: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489750"
"Crazy Lips T-Shirt  . Read our lips: every girl needs at least one graphic tee in her collection, like this bold-but-faded style by GUESS. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Graphic print at front Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484098"
"Blouson T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Top off your casual look effortlessly in this forever-flattering T-shirt from JM Collection. V-neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Banded hem Fitted Unlined Hits at hip Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Dry cleaner, or machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4335821"
"Cotton Scoop Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A classic design with a scoop neck and the iconic flag logo feels refreshed in this T-shirt from Tommy Hilfiger. Approx. model height: 5'9-1/2" and she is wearing size small Hits at hip Scoop neckline Small embroidered logo detail at left chest Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6190658"
"V-Neck Logo T-Shirt  . A trendy take on the retro baby tee. This fitted Calvin Klein Jeans V-neck features a logo design on the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted; approx. 25-1/2" long V-neck Logo at chest Cotton/Modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10272461"
"Sleeveless Pintuck Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Subtle pintucked pleats add a unique touch and lend a flattering drape to this sleeveless blouse from Charter Club. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hips; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline; button closures at half placket Pintuck details at yoke Lined Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8122033"
"INC Lace-Up Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Gold-tone chain shimmers around the neckline of this chic I.N.C. International Concepts top, styled with lace-up detail at the neckline and shoulder-baring cutouts. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Relaxed fit; hits at hip Scoop neckline with chain hardware and lace-up detail; lobster claw closure at back Short sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10203852"
"INC Ruched Top, Created for Macy's  . A ruched front brings so much depth and dimension to this gorgeous top from INC International Concepts®. Model is wearing a size S V-neck Ruched with tie at front Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405076"
"Printed Textured Knit Top, Created for Macy's  . Ease into sophistication and comfort with Style & Co's printed textured knit top. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline; button placket and textured detail at front Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405744"
"Embellished Cold-Shoulder Top  . Dazzling rhinestone bars elevate MSK's airy chiffon top that looks fabulous and chic at formal occasions. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Square neckline Capelet overlay Embellished cold-shoulder cutout sleeves Hits at hip IMPORTANT NOTE: This item arrives with a return tag attached and instructions for removal. Once the tag is removed from the dress, this item cannot be returned. Shell: polyester/spandex; lining: polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5471968"
"V-Neck High-Low Top  . Get comfortable with a knit top from Eileen Fisher, styled with a flattering V-neckline and a subtle high-low hem. Front: approx. 28-1/2" long; back: approx. 30-1/2" long V-neck High-low hem Elbow-length sleeves Tencel® lyocell/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10577423"
"INC Dot and Leopard Print Button-Up Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A play on prints. I.N.C. International Concepts mixes traditional polka dots with punchy leopard spots on this eye-catching look, an airy modern take on the button-up shirt. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Collar; button-front closures Chest pockets Long roll-tab sleeves Sheer; wear with layers Created for Macy's Polyester; trim: plastic Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9403857"
"Crystal Stone Logo T-Shirt  . Bring on the bling with this cap-sleeve T-shirt from GUESS. A bevy of sparkling studs updates a cute cursive logo. Crew neckline Studded logo at front Cap sleeves Fitted silhouette; hits at hip Cotton/modal/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 5459518"
"Women's Essential Reverse Weave Fleece Sweatshirt  . An active or casual essential, this Champion sweatshirt is in ultra-soft fleece with a brushed interior. Ribbed panels at the sides enhance mobility. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 35" Model is wearing size S Soft fleece with brushed interior Ribbing at neckline, sides, cuffs and hem Hits at hip Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5893105"
"Lightweight Linen Top  . Crafted from airy linen, Lauren Ralph Lauren's classic menswear-inspired style is a lightweight take on a warm-weather staple. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 30-1/2" long Relaxed fit Point collar Buttoned center front half-placket Long sleeves with buttoned barrel cuffs Patch pocket at the left chest Shirttail hem Box pleated back yoke Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10575626"
"Embroidered T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A pretty little heart is embroidered into the front of this easygoing Tommy Hilfiger T-shirt, cropped at the waist for a refreshing look. Crew neckline Embroidered heart at front Easy fit; hits at waist Created for Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4842052"
"Linen Shirt  . Lauren Ralph Lauren's linen shirt is a timeless warm-weather staple, and this iteration is complete with button-fastening cuffs and a smart back yoke. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 29" long Straight fit Point collar Front button placket Long sleeves with button-fastening cuff tabs Back yoke Shirttail hem Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10333134"
"Tara Colorblocked Stripes Rivet Top, Created for Macy's  . Update your collection with this fresh look from Karen Scott, a relaxed top that accents colorblocking and stripes with rivets. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Rivets at front Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10461206"
"Printed Short-Sleeve T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Add interest with this boldly printed T-shirt from JM Collection, featuring a perfect crew-neck design and effortless fit. Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Shirttail hem Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10335832"
"Women's Orabelle Tunic  . Look gorgeous and feel comfy in this White Mark Top/tunic. The pin-tuck pleats in the bodice add a feminine and flattering fit. This top-tunic includes 2 pockets on your hips for ultimate comfort. Pin-tuck pleats Side pockets Printed Sleeveless Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8917816"
"Multi-Stripe Polo Shirt  . Stripes of varying sizes differentiate this Tommy Hilfiger polo shirt, a comfortable style that's perfect with classic jeans. Hits at hip Point collar; 1/2-front button closures Variegated stripes at front and back yoke Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8448066"
"Floral-Print Henley T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott updates a Henley T-shirt with a lovely floral print and delicate decorative buttons accenting the quarter-placket in front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Henley neckline; decorative buttons at quarter-placket Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10461195"
"Women's Printed-Logo Tank Top  . Tie-dyed tones fill a classic logo, bringing a fresh look to this cool and comfortable tank top from adidas. Wide racerback INSPIRED FOR: Working out/athleisure Scoop neckline; printed logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9943015"
"Women's Sportswear Logo-Graphic T-Shirt  . Playfully sporty, this Nike Sportswear T-shirt surrounds a classic logo with vibrant hearts and flowers. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo graphic at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919569"
"Bateau-Neck Top  . Simple and chic, this bateau neckline top from Eileen Fisher is great paired with skinny pants or a pencil skirt. Approx. 22-1/2" long Bateau neckline Cotton/elastane Machine washable Made in USA of imported materials Web ID: 10577464"
"Women's Dry Legend T-Shirt  . Soft fabric with performance technology brings style and training comfort to this Nike T-shirt. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 35" Hits at hip INSPIRED FOR: Training Nike Dry fabric for comfort Ribbed scoop neckline; logo at left chest Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6637900"
"Under The Sun T-Shirt  . Free People captures the carefree spirit of well-loved fashion in the Under the Sun T-shirt. Its unfinished edges and high vents give it low-key vibes. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Approx. 27-1/4" long Scoop neckline Unfinished edges; high vents at hem Linen/viscose Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489828"
"Button-Trim Keyhole Tank, Created for Macy's  . Cute keyhole details are finished with decorative buttons on this classic scoopneck tank from Karen Scott. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 25-1/2" long Scoop neckline Keyholes with decorative button trim at front neckline Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10460806"
"Women's Cotton Metallic-Accent T-Shirt  . A polished look in all-cotton comfort, this adidas Originals T-shirt updates the iconic trefoil with a slender golden outline. Split droptail hem for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; metallic logo at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525938"
"Grommet-Collar Top  . Subtle details make this basic top by Tommy Hilfiger pop, its grommet detailing and contrasting-collar make this the perfect staple for your casual wear. Approx. 25-1/2" long Point collar; grommet-front closures Contrast collar; Hilfiger logo at left chest All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10498354"
"Printed Flutter-Sleeve Blouse  . Fluttering sleeves add femininity and whimsy to this lovely fashion blouse from Vince Camuto. Approx. 25" long Round neckline with keyhole; back keyhole button closure Flutter sleeves Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10494550"
"Gingham Polo Shirt  . This short-sleeve polo by Tommy Hilfiger features a classic gingham print and relaxed fit making it essential for polished casual appeal. Approx. 24-1/2" long Fold collar; button closures Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10539939"
"Ruched Top  . Tucked into your go-to pencil skirt or worn long over skinny pants, this short sleeve V-neck top from DKNY flatters in perfectly ruched matte jersey. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neckline Ruched at front Hits at hip Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5865151"
"Tie-Dyed Crossover-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Upgrade your active look to the fresh style of this Ideology top, a relaxed fit with a fun retro feel and a crossover hem. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Approx. 26" long; relaxed fit Crewneck; long raglan sleeves; crossover hem Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10508596"
"INC Ruched-Front T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A femme spin on the classic tee. This one by INC International Concepts® is flattering & floral with strategic ruching for the perfect fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck with ruching at front Unlined Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405087"
"INC Surplice Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . A surplice-style neckline puts the finishing touch to the front of this I.N.C. International Concepts top, designed with breezy cold-shoulder cutouts for a modern finish. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip Surplice neckline Short sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8062734"
"Tipped Keyhole Tank, Created for Macy's  . A classic piece with personality, this knit tank by Karen Scott combines simplicity and charm and is perfect for layering under a blazer for a chic workwear look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Scoop neckline with colored trim; keyhole front closure Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10470071"
"Solid Rib Tank Top  . This cropped tank top from Free People can serve as a chic layering piece or flirty top alone, finished with a scoop-neck design and ribbed-knit texture. Scoop neckline Ribbed texture Cropped; its at waist ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of juniors' clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Rayon/nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4877809"
"INC Twisted Colorblocked Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® offers style in spades with this top designed with a twisted, colorblocked halter neckline. Fitted Twisted, colorblocked halter neckline with keyhole; back keyhole button closure Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503611"
"Floral-Print Pleated Ruffled Top  . Perk up the pretty with CeCe's floral-print top, featuring ruffled details at the shoulders and neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Ruffled mock neck Ruffled at shoulders; pleated detail at front and back Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10565208"
"Women's Court Dry Half-Zip Tennis Top  . Soft and comfortable, this Nike Court tennis top is in performance fabric and a sleek stretch fit that let you focus on your game. A half-zip closure offers adjustable coverage. Hits at hip; piped seams for a flattering fit INSPIRED FOR: Tennis Nike Dry fabric for comfort Baseball collar; half-zip closure Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10338058"
"Low Down Henley Top  . Perfect over jeans, this on-trend top from Free People is super comfy, with a half button up, short sleeves and a cropped, boxy silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size extra small V-neck; point collar; button closures at front ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs Shell: linen/viscose; trim: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565755"
"Metallic-Embroidery Linen-Blend Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Gold-tone embroidery accents premium fabric, bringing a lovely boho feel to this tunic from Charter Club. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Metallic embroidery at bib 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Linen/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503804"
"Women's Dri-FIT Logo Running Tank Top  . A mesh logo graphic keeps the air flowing through this Nike tank top. Dri-FIT performance makes every run a little more comfortable. INSPIRED FOR: Running Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Scoop neckline; vents at sides; mesh logo graphic at front Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900140"
"Side-Twist Split-Cuff Top  . Smooth textures flow to one side of this twisted top from Vince Camuto, featuring split cuffs and a faux-wrap silhouette. Approx. 28" long V-neck Gathered and twisted at side of waist 3/4-sleeve with split cuffs Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10577859"
"Cotton Square-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott offers a creative twist on a classic cotton T-shirt: this version features a square neckline and decorative buttons at the shoulders. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Square neckline Decorative buttons at shoulders Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10460929"
"Sport Textured-Dot 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Textured dots in a matching hue add depth to this seasonless top from Karen Scott. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Crewneck Textured dots 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10189917"
"Scoop-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Comfortable style comes naturally with this round-hem top from JM Collection–a classic match for denim. Scoop neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit Hits below hip Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4335812"
"Women's Element Dry Half-Zip Running Top  . A sleek combination of performance comfort and coverage, this Elements running top combines Nike Dry fabric with a half-zip closure that lets you adjust the warmth. Thumbholes at the sleeves help secure the fit. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip INSPIRED FOR: Running Nike Dry fabric for comfort Mock turtleneck with half-zip closure; long sleeves with thumbholes; reflective stripe at back for improved visibility in low light; vents at hem Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5775411"
"Cropped Cotton Flag Logo T-Shirt  . Well hello, iconic style. Tommy Hilfiger's signature logo sits front and center on this cute cropped tee. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed cropped fit Crewneck Tommy Hilfiger flag logo at front Unlined All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10341014"
"Print Scoop-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . An everyday staple, this T-shirt with subtle, fun pineapple-print detail from Style & Co is perfect for layering or wearing solo. Relaxed fit Scoop neckline Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10478101"
"Floral-Embroidered Ruffled Top  . Embroidered flowers give this sweet tie-sleeve top from CeCe a charming garden motif. Gauzy sleeves and ruffled trim keep this pretty piece breezy. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit Ruffled mock neckline; back keyhole and button closure Semi-sheer at yokes and sleeves; floral embroidery throughout; ruffled trim at front yoke and sleeves Short sleeves with tie cuffs Body and lining: polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10538750"
"Printed Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co mixes it up with the perfect combination of prints on this pretty split-neck top with casual 3/4-length roll-tab sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. length: 27-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Button trim at front 3/4-length roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526969"
"Women's Icon Clash Colorblocked Mixed-Media Hoodie  . A stylish mix of fleece and woven fabrics, this Nike hoodie gives you a relaxed feel and fresh look. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Attached hood; elastic cuffs, hem; drawstring at hem Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900000"
"Mesh Top, Created for Macy's  . Refresh your look and enhance your comfort with this Ideology top, a relaxed silhouette in sheer, breathable mesh. Model is wearing a size small Approx. 28" long; relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Allover sheer mesh Crewneck; long sleeves with thumbholes Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10494416"
"Smocked Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Make a bold statement in this bright, printed top by Style & Co, it's the perfect addition to your closet to spruce up your daytime look. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484211"
"Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . Stay relaxed and breezy any day of the week by way of this Alfani tunic – designed with an asymmetrical hem. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" and she is wearing a size small. Approx. 25-1/4" long Scoop neckline Asymmetrical hem Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529044"
"V-Neck Knit Top, Created for Macy's  . Not too tight, not too loose...this Alfani V-neck knit top hits all the right notes with a fluid, flattering drape and a curved hemline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Easy fit; hits at hip V-neck Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8698343"
"Women's Powerblend Logo Sweatshirt  . Extra-long cuffs update this top from Champion, a logo sweatshirt in Powerblend fabric that stays looking great longer. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Powerblend fabric resists shrinking and pilling Crewneck with V-notch; long raglan sleeves with exaggerated ribbed cuffs; ribbed hem; applique logo at front Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9652221"
"INC Tie-Neck Denim Top, Created for Macy's  . An oversized bow falls from the neckline of this flowy denim top from INC International Concepts®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S V-neck with bow tie Faux buttons at front Created For Macy's Lyocell/cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10352515"
"Square-Neck Top  . A chic square neckline frames the look of this essential pullover top from CeCe. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Square neckline Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538724"
"Colorblocked Zip-Neck Hoodie  . Upgrade your go-to relaxed vibe to this colorblocked look from Tommy Hilfiger, a classic zip hoodie with signature flair. Approx. 25" long Hooded neckline; zipper closure Pockets at waist Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10516546"
"Striped Short-Sleeve Polo, Created for Macy's  . Tommy Hilfiger offers a cool twist to the classic polo top with a quarter-zip design and brand stripes at the front. Approx. model height is 5'9-1/2" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Colorblocked point collar; partial front zip closure Striped at front Created for Macy's Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6470251"
"Floral-Print Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A soft floral print cascades down this top from Karen Scott, giving you a stylish update on a classic look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Cuffed elbow sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10459199"
"Women's Element Dri-FIT Long-Sleeve Running Top  . Keep going in the cold in this Nike Element running top. Dri-FIT technology helps wick away moisture, while thumbholes help keep the long sleeves in place. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure/working out Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; long sleeves with drop shoulders, ribbed cuffs, thumbholes; logo at front; vents at hem Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919551"
"INC Sequinned Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Elegant sequins add sparkle to a classic silhouette with this button-front collared shirt from INC International Concepts®. Relaxed fit Collared; button closures at front Faux pocket at left chest; allover sequins Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471995"
"Printed Pleat-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Pleated details lend a flattering drape to this Style & Co scoop-neck top. A contrasting print at the hem and flutter sleeves complete the look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with pintucked pleats Flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526999"
"Dolman-Sleeve Linen Shirt  . In light linen and with a relaxed fit, this airy Lauren Ralph Lauren top is an ideal choice for warm days. Spread collar; buttoned placket Size medium has an approx. 29" back body length, 44" bust, 48" shoulder, and 43-1/2" waist Dropped shoulders; back yoke; shirttail hem; hem falls longer at the back Short dolman sleeves with rolled cuffs Straight fit; intended to hit at the hip Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6163103"
"Women's Zip Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . Tie-dyed strings are a fun update for this Ideology hoodie, an active essential with a zip closure that lets you change up the coverage. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Semi-fitted INSPIRED FOR: Active/lifestyle Hood with tie-dyed strings; zipper closure at front; kangaroo pocket Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10481307"
"Ruched-Sleeve Zip Hoodie  . Ruched sleeves and textured fabric freshen this hoodie from Calvin Klein Performance. Lightweight, breathable fabric makes the look a great layer for the gym or the streets. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Breathable, lightweight fabric Attached hood with braided drawstring; front-zip closure; kangaroo pockets; long ruched raglan sleeves Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5707740"
"Cotton Sleeveless Peasant Top, Created for Macy's  . A breezy update on boho chic, this Style & Co peasant top is in a sleeveless silhouette and comfy all-cotton. The relaxed fit flows to a ruffled tier. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with tie Ruffled tier Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10405760"
"INC Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts lends stylish appeal to your casual collection with this asymmetrical top. Asymmetrical neckline Hits at hip Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex; lining: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4800076"
"Tunic Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Alfani's roll-tab top elevates the wardrobe staple with extra length that coordinates perfectly with slim trousers. Approx. 46" long V-neckline with point collar; button-front closure Runs large; size down Slits at sides Hits above knee Created For Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529081"
"Women's Court Dri-FIT Tennis T-Shirt  . A slim-fitting go-to for practice or matches, this Nike tennis top combines breathable mesh with Dri-FIT performance to help you beat the heat. Model is wearing a size small Slim fit INSPIRED FOR: Tennis Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; breathable mesh vents V-neck; logo at front Polyester/spandex; mesh: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8931803"
"Women's Dri-FIT Fleece Cropped Training Top  . An updated look with the soft warmth you want for chilly weather, this training top from Nike is in Dri-FIT fleece with a slightly relaxed fit and cropped length. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits above hip; slightly oversized fit INSPIRED FOR: Training French terry with Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; long raglan sleeves; ribbed cuffs, hem Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8082220"
"Dip-Dyed Active T-Shirt  . Marc New York revamps your active style with this relaxed T-shirt in a dip-dyed print. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Active lifestyle V-neck; dip-dyed print Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565609"
"Space-Dye Dropped-Shoulder Knit Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's modern space-dye design complements the dropped-shoulder detail on its casual, classic knit top. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Created For Macy's Rayon/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405794"
"Dreamy Tank Top  . Get comfy while looking fab in this dreamy cropped 100% cotton tank top from Free People. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size extra small V-neck ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565756"
"Printed Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Make a statement with style in JM Collection's printed cold-shoulder top. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Cutouts at shoulder Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10442976"
"Long-Sleeve Stretch T-Shirt  . Lauren Ralph Lauren's take on the essential long-sleeve T-shirt features stretch fabric and is finished with a signature monogram logo at the right hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size 2 Slim fit; intended to hit at the hip Crew neck Long sleeves "LRL" monogram embroidered at the right hem Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10083273"
"French Terry Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . Stay sporty, chic, and relaxed all at once in this Style & Co hoodie with a comfortable silhouette in soft French terry. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small. Approx. 26-1/2" long Hooded neckline; zipper closure Pockets at waist Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10215472"
"Square Eyes Thong Bodysuit  . Boasting a square neckline and short sleeves, this thong bodysuit from Free People sets the stage on any outfit. Fitted; hits at hip Square neckline; snap closures at gusset No-show thong back Unlined ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of juniors' clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Self: nylon/spandex; lining: polyester/spandex Hand wash Imported Web ID: 6498191"
"Cotton Open-Trim V-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott's cotton T-shirt is styled with a V-neckline that's open and decorated with metallic balls for a touch of special shine. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long V-neck Open at neckline with metal ball ornaments Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461198"
"Printed Peasant Top, Created for Macy's  . Tassel ties fall from the scoop neckline of this printed-to-perfection peasant top from Style & Co, complete with charming 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with tassel ties 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Shell: cotton/polyester; tassels: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6379951"
"Cotton Striped Eyelet-Trim Drawstring-Hem Top  . Breezy and chic, DKNY Jeans' lightweight cotton blouse showcases eyelet detailing, crisp stripes and a flattering drawstring hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Eyelet detailing at neckline and bodice; drawstring hem Cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10529992"
"Women's Shine Miler Dri-FIT Long-Sleeve Running Top  . Lightweight and comfy, this slim-fitting Nike Miler top polishes Dri-FIT performance fabric with metallic stripes for a stylish training look. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Slim fit with curved hem INSPIRED FOR: Running Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; long sleeves with thumbholes; logo at front Polyester/spandex Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8930016"
"Mesh-Trim Racerback Tank Top  . Keep moving in this sleeveless tank top from Tommy Hilfiger. A wide racerback balances mobility and coverage, while mesh panels let air flow. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 24" long Scoop neckline Mesh trim; racerback Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10776207"
"Women's Pro Dri-FIT Printed-Logo Cropped Tank Top  . You're free to move in comfort with this cropped tank top from Nike, a fresh look with Dri-FIT performance and elongated arm openings. Model is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Training/workout Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; printed Just Do It at front; elongated arm openings Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8931790"
"Printed Scoop-Neck Top, Available in Regular & Petites  . Perfect for work or weekend, Michael Michael Kors' top features a vibrant print and a flattering scoop neckline. Approx. 26" (P) 28" (R) long Available in Regular & Petites Scoop neckline Pullover style Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511085"
"Tie-Dye Split-Neck T-Shirt  . Stay cool and carefree in this stylish slouchy T-shirt from WILLIAM RAST. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 25" long Split neckline Short raglan sleeves Modal/cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10498826"
"Women's Cotton Slim Logo T-Shirt  . Sleek and understated, this T-shirt from adidas gives you a slim fit and cool all-cotton comfort. Slim fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure/working out Ribbed crewneck; logo at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10563948"
"Ruffled V-Neck Tie Top  . Short puffed sleeves and ruffling at the V-neck create sophisticated style for this top from CeCe, ideal for work or weekend wear. Hits at hip; approx. length: 24-1/2" V-neckline with ruffle details and tie closure Short puffed sleeves Polyester/spandex Hand wash Imported Web ID: 7812028"
"Women's Cotton Logo T-Shirt  . Ultra-soft ringspun cotton brings an amazing feel to this adidas T-shirt. A classic logo completes the timeless look. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8219415"
"Women's Alphaskin Logo Racerback Tank Top  . Lightweight to keep you dry and comfortable, this adidas tank top features a deep racerback and elongated arm openings that let you move easily through your training routine. Deep racerback; Alphaskin adaptive fit INSPIRED FOR: Training Round neckline; deep arm openings; logo at front Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9943071"
"Supima® Cotton Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Clever roll-tab sleeves lend endless versatility to this lightweight cotton top from Charter Club, styled with a split neckline. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Hits at hip; approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Roll-tab sleeves Made with superior ultra-soft Supima® cotton fiber Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6798219"
"Cotton 3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A classic and versatile part of your casual collection, this Karen Scott top is in all cotton for the soft feel you love. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10255599"
"Monday Morning Top  . You'll be one of a kind in this fabulous boho top from Free People. A so-chic mock neck sets the stage, while gorgeous mesh embroidery and dropped dolman sleeves complete the look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Smocked mock neck; back button closure with keyhole opening Sheer yoke with embroidery; blouson hem 3/4-sleeves; cinched cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Shell: cotton/linen; mesh: nylon; embroidery: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10467676"
"Flutter-Sleeve Tie-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's pretty top is designed with gorgeous fluttery sleeves and a tie at the front hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 21" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Tie at front hem Flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10347926"
"INC Printed Tie-Sleeve Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Perfectly flowy, INC International Concepts®' pullover top features a gorgeous floral print and cold-shoulder cutouts. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Loose fit Square neckline Cold-shoulder cutouts Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405054"
"INC High-Low Surplice Top, Created for Macy's  . A high-low hem lends a little dramatic style to this sleeveless surplice top from INC International Concepts®. Relaxed fit Surplice neckline with collar Knit back; high-low hem Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502717"
"Pleated-Neck Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Romantic flutter sleeves and elegant pleats around the scoop neckline elevate this wardrobe essential from Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hips Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Pleated scoop neckline Short flutter sleeves Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9471554"
"Twist-Front Sleeveless Top, Created for Macy's  . Gathering into a fun twist at the front of your waist, this Alfani top changes up your sleeveless collection. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Approx. 25" long V-neck Twist detail at front of waist Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492389"
"Woven Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott provides grace and style with this woven top, featuring a split neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Woven pattern at front Short sleeves with slit Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10481097"
"INC Printed Bell-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Go a little boho in this beautifully printed INC International Concepts® top, designed with pretty ruffles and long bell sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small High neckline; back zipper closure Ruffles at front Long bell sleeves with inset trim Created For Macy's Shell, lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502673"
"Printed Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . Highlight your sophisticated style with JM Collection's printed top, featuring an asymmetrical hem with a side tie. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 28-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Rhinestone embellishments at front; side tie with metal trim; asymmetrical hem Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10505068"
"Asymmetrical Striped Top, Created for Macy's  . Diagonal stripes add dynamic style to Karen Scott's knit top with nifty button trim at the shoulders. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Contrast trim with button detail at shoulders Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10455617"
"INC Crochet-Trim Off-The-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Colorblocked lace trim at the neckline and cuffs pops against the flirty off-the-shoulder neckline of this enviable top from INC International Concepts. Off-the-shoulder neckline Crocheted lace trim at neckline and cuffs Hits at hip Created for Macy's Body: rayon; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4493185"
"Cotton Logo T-Shirt  . Show some love for the logo with this iconic cotton tee by Tommy Hilfiger. Crewneck Unlined All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10324440"
"Whats Up Henley T-Shirt  . Free People's Whats Up Henley top sets the tone for totally relaxed style with cotton construction and cuffed sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Fitted Henley neckline Cuffed sleeves All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10386437"
"Blue Nile Printed Top  . A striking fusion of printed motifs pops from the flowy shape of Free People's Blue Nile top with super exaggerated sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4 Square neckline Cinch tie at hemline Raglan volume 3/4-sleeves with ruched cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786627"
"Tie-Dye Cotton Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . A vibrant tie-dyed print and versatile roll-tab sleeves add a stylish twist to this relaxed-fit Style & Co top a split-neck style that pairs perfectly with your favorite jeans. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 27-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Button trim at front 3/4-length roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10527019"
"Triple-Ring Cutout Top, Created for Macy's  . An everyday staple with decorative elements, this knit top featuring triple-ring hardware at the neckline from Style & Co is perfect for layering or wearing solo. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Cutout scoop neckline with triple-ring hardware Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10468835"
"Crinkle Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A basic staple, this blouse with a subtle neckline ruching from Style & Co is perfect for layering or wearing solo. Model is wearing a size small V-neck Flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484188"
"Twist-Front Cutout T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A non-traditional take on the T-shirt, Bar III's cool pick is styled with elegant twists and a plunging neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 20-2/5" long; relaxed fit Crewneck with plunging V cutout Twist detail at front Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10527099"
"One-Pocket Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Classic tops are a must for all things work or play related. This blouse by Style & Co features a point-collar, button-down front and relaxed fit making it essential for your casual wear. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Point collar; button-front closures Pocket at chest Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10471263"
"Persuasion Top  . Go with the flow: Free People's cotton top features embroidered touches and voluminous long sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 V-neck; partial front button closure Embroidered at front, back and sleeves Oversized long sleeves; cinched cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton;embroidery:polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10484389"
"Summer Daydream Top  . Looking for easy-breezy fashion? Cue Free People's Summer Daydream Top. It features a slouchy silhouette, raw trim and versatile button-up closure. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS Approx. 32" long V-neck; button-up closure Slouchy fit; raw trim; hip pockets ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10471538"
"Floral-Print Button-Up Cotton Shirt  . Look sharp and feel great in this button-up short-sleeve shirt from Tommy Hilfiger, covered in an eye-catching floral print. Approx. 26-1/2" long Point collar; button closures at front 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10566286"
"The One Crew Tee  . You've found The One Crew Tee. There's nothing basic about this basic tee A slouchy fit, scooped hemline, crew neck and short sleeves guarantee this tee will go with pretty much everything, and end up on your go-to list. Approx. model height is 173 cm and she is wearing a size S/8 Soft knit cotton Rounded neckline Comfortable, relaxed fit Please note that this item has Australian sizing Please select the Australian size above when placing order, Australian size will come on the tag sewn-in to the garment, but will fit like the US sizing below Sizing conversions (extended): US 0 = XXXS/AUR 4, US 2 = XXS/AUS 6, US 4 = XS/AUS 8, US 6 = S/AUS 10, US 8 = M/AUS 12, US 10 = L/AUS 14, US 12 = XL/AUS 16, US 14 = XXL/AUS 18 This item purchased online must be returned to the vendor by mail only. This item cannot be returned to Macy's stores. 100% Cotton Machine Wash Imported Web ID: 10579884"
"Puff-Sleeve Top  . The pop of dots at the sleeves brings sheerly sweet style to CeCe's mixed-media top. Approx. 24-1/2" long. Length is based on size small/6 Round neckline Dotted short puff sleeves with cuffs Polyester/spandex; sleeves: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786059"
"V-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Tommy Hilfiger's V-neck tee is made from 100% cotton for breathable comfort. Pair it with skinny jeans to complete the look. Approx. model height: 5'9-1/2" and she is wearing size small Easy fit ; hits at hip Pullover style with V-neckline Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 1321750"
"Floral-Print Stand-Collar Top  . Pretty printed blossoms define the fresh, feminine feel of this sleeveless Vince Camuto top. Approx. 25" long Stand collar at split neck Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525859"
"INC Printed Puff-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Feminine puffed shoulders perfectly balance the edgy python print covering this contemporary INC International Concepts®' top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck Snake print; puffed shoulders Created For Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502682"
"Grommet Cold-Shoulder Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Polished details and a cold-shoulder silhouette really up the intrigue factor on JM Collection's flattering tunic. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits below hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Cold-shoulder silhouette with grommets at neck and sleeves 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6909113"
"Cotton Striped Lace-Up Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . A fashionable spin on an active look, this Style & Co hoodie is in soft all-cotton sweater knit with sleek stripes. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Attached hood; V-neck with lace-up detail Kangaroo pocket Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497958"
"Lace Mesh Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Sheer mesh lace creates a modern, elegant silhouette with this pullover tunic top by Alfani, finished with high side vents on the rounded hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a small Approx. 35-3/4" long Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Lined at body Created For Macy's Polyester/nylon; lining: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529034"
"Camo-Print T-Shirt  . Lucky Brand's eternally cool T-shirt is decked out in a camouflage print with a classic V-neckline. V-neckline Curved hem Hits at hip Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5051426"
"Tie-Dyed Ruffled Top  . Have a little fun with your fashion in this tie-dyed tank top from Lucky Brand. Cute little ruffles accent its shoulders for a flirty finishing touch. Crewneck Ruffled trim at shoulders 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10641056"
"Ruffled Bell-Sleeve Off-The-Shoulder Top  . Update your wardrobe with CeCe's off-the-shoulder smocked top. Bell sleeves complete the forever feminine silhouette. Easy fit; hits at hip; approx. 22 inches long Adjustable off-the-shoulder neckline with smocking Sheer long sleeves with ruffled cuffs Shell:polyester lining:polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 9371805"
"Eyelet Button-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Button-front tops are always better with a twist. This top by Style & Co with eyelet details is the perfect addition to your closet to spruce up your daytime look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Split neckline; button-front closure Eyelet details at chest Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497991"
"Long-Sleeve Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . Comfort and style are showcased together in this long-sleeve hoodie by Style & Co. Pair it with and sneakers for the perfect, casual on the go look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long V-neck Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489414"
"INC Tie-Dye Button-Up Shirt, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' turns up the volume on the classic button-up shirt by introducing a hot-pink print. Made from soft cotton, it's perfect for relaxed summer days. Hits at hip Point collar; button-front closures 3/4-length roll-tab sleeves Created for Macy's 100% cotton; trim: rhinestone shank button Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8226832"
"Colorblocked Fleece Sweatshirt  . A fun combination of colors updates this top from Calvin Klein Performance, a comfy sweatshirt with a soft fleece lining. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Semi-fitted INSPIRED FOR: Active/lifestyle Fleece lining Crewneck; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10492518"
"Ombré Hoodie  . Tommy Hilfiger's ombré hoodie gives you a laid-back look that keeps you stylish whether you're lounging or on the go. Approx. 25" long Hooded drawstring neckline Cotton/modal/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564489"
"INC Illusion Mesh Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' gauzy mesh top is modern mix of floral prints and chic illusion styling. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Fitted; hits at hip Crewneck Illusion styling at yoke Sheer 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Shell, lining: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7888054"
"Utility Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's versatile shirt works wonders in your wardrobe with clever roll-tab sleeves and an easy fit. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Point collar; front button closures Two pockets at chest 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Lyocell Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7654364"
"Botanical Breeze Printed Sleeveless Blouse  . Stylish layered under a jacket or on its own, this breezy top from Vince Camuto updates a cool sleeveless silhouette with a soft tonal print. Approx. 26" long Round neckline with pleats; button, keyhole at back Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525807"
"Women's Icon Clash Dri-FIT Cropped T-Shirt  . A cropped silhouette and a relaxed fit keep you moving through your workout in this Nike T-shirt. Dri-FIT technology helps wick away moisture. Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Training Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; logos at front, back Polyester/cotton/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900141"
"Tie-Dyed Linen-Blend Top, Created for Macy's  . Dreamy tie-dyed tones drift across stripes, bringing a fresh look to this relaxed top from Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/linen Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10462260"
"Colorblocked Zip-Up Hoodie  . Iconic colors and a bold logo brighten the classic shape of this colorblocked zip-up hoodie with a relaxed drop-shoulder design from Tommy Hilfiger Sport. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 24" long Attached hood with drawstrings; logo tape at inside neckline; full zipper closure at center front Embroidered logo at front yoke; ribbed hemline band Drop-shoulder long sleeves with ribbed cuffs Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9491923"
"Women's Linear Logo Relaxed Racerback Tank Top  . A relaxed fit in soft fabric, this adidas tank top features a ready-to-move racerback with a lightweight feel. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 35" Hits at hip; relaxed fit; racerback INSPIRED FOR: Training Lightweight fabric Scoop neckline; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6760138"
"Printed Ruffled V-Neck Top  . The blouse redefined: CeCe goes beyond basic with this delicately ruffled top, featuring a flattering V-neck design. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck; button-front closures Ruffled cuffs Unlined Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10565227"
"Logo Tie-Dyed Hoodie  . Upgrade your go-to with this fresh look from Calvin Klein Performance, a comfy hoodie in tie-dyed fabric with a contemporary twist. Drawstring hood; long raglan sleeves; kangaroo pocket; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565911"
"Floral-Print Embroidered Top  . A blend of floral print and utterly sweet eyelet embroidery, this Lucky Brand top has a modernized prairie vibe that will keep your style chic. Crewneck; button closures at top back Eyelet embroidery at yokes; floral print at torso 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10641138"
"Arden Striped Long-Sleeved T-Shirt  . Free People takes cool to the next level with this effortless long-sleeve T-shirt, styled with trendy thumb-holes. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Approx. 32-3/4" long Crewneck Exposed seaming; rounded hem Long sleeves with thumb-holes ABOUT THIS BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/cotton/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489823"
"Textured Crochet-Sleeve Necklace Gauze Top, Created for Macy's  . Sheer fabric billows over a smocked waistband, bringing lovely flow to this relaxed top from JM Collection. Crochet trim and a removable necklace complete the look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip: approx. 25-1/2" long from center back neck Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with gathers, removable necklace Smocked waistband 3/4-sleeves with crochet trim WHY YOU’LL LOVE IT: a very lightweight blend of rayon and polyester offers cool comfort and great style. Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Shell, trim: rayon/polyester; lining: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8336630"
"Women's Dri-FIT Script-Logo Training T-Shirt  . Stay comfortable in or out of the gym in this training T-shirt from Nike, a comfy top updated with a scoop neckline and script logo. INSPIRED FOR: Training Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Ribbed scoop neckline; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9920664"
"Printed Split-Sleeve Knit Tunic Top, Created for Macy's  . Floral prints sit atop windowpane detailing to create a beautifully printed split-sleeve top by Charter Club. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with button detail 3/4-sleeves with slits at cuffs Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519817"
"Cotton Ring Top, Created for Macy's  . Gleaming rings at the neckline bring a stylish difference to this Karen Scott top, a comfy all-cotton piece with a relaxed fit. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with grommets Elbow sleeves Created For Macy's 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10459203"
"Printed Striped-Neck Top  . Classically cool, Tommy Hilfiger's short-sleeve, printed top gets a simple and chic upgrade with striped trim at the V-neckline. Approx. 24-1/5" long V-neck Striped trim at neck All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10498319"
"Printed 3/4-Sleeve Scoop-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Add an elegantly bold look to your wardrobe with JM Collection's printed 3/4-sleeve scoop-neck top. Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Shirttail hem 3/4-sleeves below Created For Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497860"
"Cotton Floral-Logo Top, Regular & Petite  . Delicately printed florals put a fresh twist on a signature logo with this cotton top from Michael Michael Kors. Petite approx. 25" long; Regular approx. 27" long Crewneck Floral appliqué at front Available in regular and petite sizes All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10511069"
"Roll-Tab Button-Up Shirt  . A can't-miss icon: Tommy Hilfiger's classic button-up shirt. It's polished, chic, effortless. Collar; button-front closures Left chest pocket Roll-tab sleeves All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10227081"
"Colorblock Lightweight Flag Hoodie  . Stylish comfort: this reworked logo design adds a pop of color to the essential hoodie by Tommy Hilfiger. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 26" long Drawstring hooded neckline Colorblocked Flag detail at front Cotton/modal/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9491919"
"Smocked Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Femininity at its finest: Style & Co's bold allover print top will add an element of interest to many pieces: A-line skirts, trousers or jeans. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Front tie at neckline Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484317"
"Printed Roll-Sleeve Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co mixes it up with the perfect combination of prints on this pretty split-neck top with casual three-quarter-length sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline; button placket 3/4 sleeves with button roll tabs Created For Macy's Cotton/modal; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489498"
"Smocked Split-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Bright and eye-catching, this printed tie-front top by Style & Co is the perfect addition to your closet to spruce up your daytime look. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Front tie at neckline Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484173"
"Cutout Cotton T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Crafted from comfortable cotton, Charter Club transforms the classic crewneck T-shirt by adding alluring cutouts at the neckline and cuffs. Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; hits at hips; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Crewneck Cutout details at neckline and cuffs Created for Macy's Cotton; exclusive of decoration Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8260293"
"Cotton Polo Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott soft cotton polo shirt is the very definition of a fashion must. Its neat, casual style is layerable for all-year potential. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Polo neckline Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10175953"
"Snake-Print Smocked Blouse, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Opt for a fierce off-duty update with this subtle snake-printed style by Michael Michael Kors. Smocking and sleeve ties add shape and texture to this outfit-enhancing look. Approx. 24-1/2" long at front; approx. 24" long at back Boat neckline Snake print; ties at sleeves Available in regular and petite sizes Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564621"
"Charli Bodysuit  . Rock a retro vibe in this bell-sleeve bodysuit by Free People. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Snap closure at gusset Deep V-neckline Ribbed throughout Bell sleeves Unlined ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/spandex Hand wash Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471325"
"Contrast-Trim Top  . Tommy Hilfiger gives you a fresh look for the week and beyond with this 3/4-sleeve top, featuring contrast trim at the cuffs and hemline. Scoop-neck Contrast striped trim; buttons at sleeves 3/4-sleeves Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8974399"
"Women's Sportswear Gym Vintage Zip Hoodie  . A relaxed feel with a vintage vibe, this zip hoodie from Nike is in lightweight fabric for daily comfort. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Drawstring hood; zipper closure at front; kangaroo pockets; logo at front Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900292"
"V-Neck Mixed Woven Top, Created for Macy's  . Eyelet details carry throughout the center of this peasant-like top by Style & Co, giving it subtle romantic flair. Pair it with jeans, a cute pair of flats and you're ready to start your day! Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10497975"
"Cool Meadow Top  . Keep it cozy (and so chic) in Free People's Cool Meadow Top, the perfect balance to frayed jean shorts with its flowy fit and femme pleats. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Relaxed fit Scoop neckline; button-front closures Pleated ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10481480"
"Women's Logo Fleece Hoodie  . A timeless go-to that's ready to head for the gym or stay in, this Puma hoodie is in soft fleece for a classic feel. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Drawstring hood with jersey lining; kangaroo pocket; logo at front; ribbed cuffs, hem Shell:cotton/polyester;rib: cotton/elastane;lining:cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10209449"
"Layered-Look Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Woven stripes accent soft knit, bringing a chic layered look to this tunic from Style & Co. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Striped handkerchief hem Created For Macy's Body: rayon/polyester/spandex; contrast: rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405799"
"Supima® Cotton 3/4-Sleeve Polo, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Polo tops are a must for all things work or play related. This fun, classic polo by Charter Club features an easy, point-collar, button-down front and relaxed fit making it essential for your casual wear. Relaxed fit; Approx. length: 26" long (regular); 24 1/2" long (petite) 3/4-sleeves Split neckline; button-front closures Available in Regular & Petite sizes Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Created For Macy's Made with superior ultra-soft Supima® cotton fiber Cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497834"
"Printed Knit Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's bold printed knit top will be perfect paired with jeans for the perfect casual look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Scoop neckline Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489435"
"Hard To Handle Brami  . The Hard To Handle crop top from Free People is beautifully decorated with floral-inspired embroidery and fluttery cap sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. 16-1/4" long Plunging V-neck Embellished floral embroidery at front; empire waistline; smocked at back Flutter sleeves Shell: polyester; embroidery: viscose Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10526820"
"Pleated V-Neck Shell  . Step up your workweek wardrobe with this pretty pleated shell from Calvin Klein. V-neckline Pullover styling Pleated at neckline Unlined Hits at hip Polyester/spandex Dry clean Imported Web ID: 3340591"
"Striped Textured Button-Down Top, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club adds sophisticated dimension to your wardrobe with this striped, textured button-down top, featuring roll-tab sleeves. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Point collar; button-front closures Flap pockets at chest Roll-tab sleeves Created For Macy's Rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519818"
"INC Printed Ruched-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Scrunched up for the perfect fit, this dreamy printed style by INC International Concepts® is an instant mood brightener for all your off-duty looks. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck Allover print; ruched front with ties Short volume sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502657"
"Side-Tie Top, Created for Macy's  . A flattering waistline cinch forms soft folds in the comfortable knit of Style & Co's side-tie top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 26" long Scoop neckline; pullover styling Knotted tie at left waist Created for Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7642188"
"Sleeveless Layering Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . A timeless layering piece with endless style potential, Alfani's fitted tank looks great on its own or with a blazer! High neckline Pullover style Sleeveless Fitted Hits at hip Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Nylon/spandex Machine washable Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 1205765"
"INC Printed Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Cold-shoulder cutouts expose sophisticated contemporary styling on this boldly printed knit top from INC International Concepts®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Easy fit Square neckline Cold-shoulder cutouts Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10486759"
"INC Tie-Front Shirt, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® redefines your polished style with this button-down shirt fashioned with a chic tie at the front hem. Relaxed fit Notched collar; button closures at front Two pockets at chest; tie at front hem Created For Macy's Front: polyester; back: rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10472048"
"Morgan Henley Top  . Free People brings button trim up one side of the Morgan top's neckline for on-trend asymmetry. Raw edges keep it laid back. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small V-neck Raw edges; button trim at neckline 3/4-sleeves Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489825"
"Split-Back Top, Regular & Petite  . Michael Michael Kors gives this floral-inspired top a new spin with a layered-look design and a stylish split back. Approx. 28-1/2" long; petite approx. 26" long Scoop neckline Layered-look hem with split back Available in regular and petite sizes Shell, lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10510966"
"Striped Ruffled-Hem Tie-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Stripes and ruffles hem add a contemporary flair to this tie-sleeve top from Style & Co. Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Ruffled hem Short sleeves with tie detail Created For Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10577187"
"Harvey Muscle Top  . Go get em, tough gal! Free People has your back in this fierce 100% cotton muscle top, with patchwork details at the neckline to keep things interesting. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size extra small V-neck with patchwork trim; snap closures at front ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565782"
"Organic Linen Boxy Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Eileen Fisher gets it right with a striking oversized top in organic linen fabric. Drop-shoulder short sleeves give it a modern spin. Approx. 27-1/2" long Crewneck; button closure at back keyhole neckline High-low shirttail hem Drop-shoulder short sleeves Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10577433"
"Tie-Front Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Tailored with a soft touch, this light Michael Michael Kors top is finished with a knotted hemline tie. Approx. length: 25-3/4" at front; 27-3/4" at back Point collar; button-front closure Knotted tie at front hemline; rounded back hemline Long sleeves with buttoned cuffs Available in regular and petite sizes Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564585"
"Ladder-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A versatile piece with fresh flair, this relaxed top from JM Collection is updated with slender straps at the neckline and sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with strappy detail Strappy 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484643"
"Floral-Print Boatneck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Flowers are blooming on Karen Scott's printed T-shirt, finished with a boat neckline and cuffed elbow-length sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Boatneck Elbow-length sleeves; cuffed Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461193"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Logo Cropped T-Shirt  . Go for cool comfort in this T-shirt from Nike, a cropped silhouette in soft cotton jersey for natural breathability. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 35" Hits above hip; cropped fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6596025"
"Tie-Dye Tie-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Bright and eye-catching, this sunshine-inspired tie-dye top by Style & Co is the perfect way to spruce up your daytime look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 22-1/2" long V-neck Button-front closure with tie-front at waist Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10478104"
"Sport Contrast-Hem Sweatshirt, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott lends chic dimension to this relaxed sweatshirt with a contrasting underlay at the hem and cuffs. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop-neck Contrast hem and cuffs Created For Macy's Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9945236"
"V-Neck Printed T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A detailed metallic print graces the front of this relaxed-fit T-shirt from Style & Co, a casual-chic piece that pairs perfectly with your favorite jeans. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 27" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Print at front Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10527018"
"Off-The-Shoulder Leopard Print Blouse  . Get wild! You'll make a statement in this off-the-shoulder leopard print blouse from Cece, perfect for pairing with your hottest jeans and a pair of heels. Easy fit; hits at waist Boat neckline with elastic Sheer off-the-shoulder ruffle sleeves Polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 9792432"
"Cold-Shoulder Swing T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Equal parts effortless and fashionable, this scoop-neck T-shirt from JM Collection is styled with cool shoulder cutouts and a fluid swing hem. Scoop neckline Shoulder cutouts; curved swing hem Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5675383"
"INC Mock-Neck Halter Top, Created for Macy's  . A bit more sophisticated than your average tank top, this one by INC International Concepts® has a sleek halter neckline that accentuates your shoulders. Fitted Mock halter neckline; back keyhole Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10555803"
"Off-The-Shoulder Bell-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Bring back romance with this charming look from Style & Co, a floaty off-the-shoulder top with flounces at the sleeves and hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 26" long from center back neck Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Neckline can be worn on or off the shoulder Ruffled hem Long bell sleeves Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9423561"
"V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Upgrade your off-duty looks with this Style & Co top, a look that defines laid-back cool with prominent seams and a flowy hem. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 25" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck High-low hem; space-dyed jersey; seaming details 3/4-sleeves Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10426704"
"Women's Metallic Logo Funnel-Neck Training Top  . Get a cozy feel you can customize with this running top from Nike. The funnel neckline converts to a hood when you need a little more warmth. A metallic logo polishes the comfy piece. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Running Knit fabric with brushed interior; Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Funnel neckline with drawstring; metallic logo at front; longer hem at back Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8930045"
"Rapidry Heathered Performance T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . The understated style of Ideology's Essential Performance tee makes it a great partner for all your leggings and shorts. V-neckline Pullover styling Rapidry wicking fabric helps evaporate moisture Two-way Flex Stretch design for ease of movement Flat seams minimize chafing Hits at hip Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 2255076"
"Scoop-Neck Camisole  . Elegance comes easy in this delicate camisole from Eileen Fisher designed with a classic scoop neckline. Approx. 24" long Scoop neckline Silk/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10591189"
"Striped Tie-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Easygoing stripes define the feel of this weekend top from Style & Co. Its tied neckline adds interest to a simple silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with tie detail Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519161"
"Gingham Camp Shirt  . Not just for picnic blankets, gingham is the fabric of the season, and Tommy Hilfiger's button-front camp shirt shows it off perfectly. Relaxed fit; approx. 26-1/2" long Point collar; front button closures Two chest pockets; rounded hem Short cuffed sleeves All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10523734"
"Logo Knot-Front T-Shirt  . A fun update on a classic, this relaxed T-shirt from Tommy Hilfiger features a knot at the hem that keeps your look current. Relaxed fit; approx. 24" long Crewneck Logo at front; knot at hem Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10947391"
"3/4-Sleeve Scoop-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Build your wardrobe around this textured essential top from Style & Co, featuring 3/4 sleeves and a scoop neckline. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neck Textured fabric 3/4 sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10489386"
"Sleeveless Pleated Blouse  . This fabulous blouse by Calvin Klein features an allover pleated front and a bubble hem for fashion-forward style that means business. High neckline Button and loop closure at back; pullover style Sleeveless Allover pleats at front Bubble hem Hits at waist Polyester Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 2678374"
"Sleeveless Pleated Top  . Calvin Klein's classic sleeveless top is made modern with subtle, shirred detailing. Scoop neckline with shirred detail Buttoned keyhole closure at back Model is 5'10 wearing a size 4 has stretch to fabric Fitted Unlined Hits at hip Polyester/spandex Dry clean Imported Web ID: 8423463"
"Printed Blouse  . CeCe revamps your casual style with this printed-to-perfection blouse designed with a ruffled crewneck and contrasting stripes at each cuff. Approx. 24-3/4" long Ruffled crewneck with keyhole Striped trim at cuffs Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503980"
"Colorblocked Zip Hoodie  . A signature layer with soft French terry comfort, this Tommy Hilfiger Sport hoodie is a stylish look with jeans or joggers. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip; approx. 24" long Drawstring hood; zipper closure at front Kangaroo pocket Shop matching sweatpants WebID: 9491925 Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9491924"
"INC Twisted Tie-Front Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Take your tank top style to a whole new level with this version from INC International Concepts® designed with a twisted front accented by a draped tie. Fitted V-neck Twisted at front with tie and hardware at side waist Created For Macy's Shell & lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502712"
"Cotton Polka-Heart Roll-Sleeve Shirt  . Tommy Hilfiger tugs at your heartstrings with polka-dotted printed motifs on crisp cotton in this cute shirt with contrast at the cuffs. Point collar; button-front closure Patch pocket at left chest; rounded hemline Long sleeves with buttoned cuffs convert to roll-tab 3/4-sleeves with contrast cuffs All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10453857"
"Sandy Tank Top  . Soon to be your most leisurely piece, the relaxed Sandy tank top by Free People feels so laid back with dropped armholes and V-straps at its back. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Scoop neckline V-strap detail at back Dropped armholes Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10786615"
"Rubi Ripped T-Shirt  . Channel your inner rocker babe with this edgy cotton T-shirt from Free People. It's ripped and oversized for a carefree, grunge-inspired appeal. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Oversized fit Crewneck Ripped and distressed details; one patch pocket at chest Dropped shoulders ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10786648"
"High-Low Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Go with the flow. Noticeable seams and a high-low hem give this Style & Co tank a lot of extra shape & movement. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 25" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck High-low hem; space dye jersey knit; solid hue; seaming details Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10454750"
"Women's Adicolor Cotton Trefoil Sweatshirt  . Cotton French terry brings classic comfort to this adidas Original sweatshirt, a timeless look updated with the rich hues of the Adicolor collection. Hits at hip INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure French terry Crewneck; logo at front; ribbed collar, cuffs and hem All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10337149"
"INC Embellished Star Hoodie, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' hooded sweatshirt is updated with sparkling stars at the front and a playful lace-up neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size 4/S Fitted; hits at hip Attached hood with lace-up V-neckline Sequined stars at front and sleeves Created for Macy's Rayon/polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6665974"
"V-Neck Mixed-Media Mesh Top, Created for Macy's  . A smooth contrast hem lends airy style to this chic, lightweight top from Bar III. V-neckline; pullover styling Mixed Media; Contrast fabric at hem and neckline Runs slightly over sized, we suggest to size down if you prefer more fitted Hits at hip Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex; contrast: polyester Body: polyester/spandex; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4391226"
"High-Low Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Alfani gives the go-to tunic top elevated appeal with a jersey fabrication and a chic high-low hem. Scoop neckline Pullover styling Three-quarter sleeves Easy fit Unlined High-low hem Hits at hip Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 2342482"
"Women's Element Flash Half-Zip Top  . Sleek graphics at the sleeves bring fresh energy to this Nike Element top. A half-zip closure lets you adjust the warmth, while Dri-FIT technology gives you the comfort to keep going. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Running Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Stand collar; half-zip closure at front; long sleeves with reflective graphics, thumbholes; logo at front Shell and rib: polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8908870"
"Rory Tie-Dye Henley Top  . Anything but basic, this upgraded Henley from Free People brings cool and flirty into one stylish piece. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size x-small/4/26 Scoop neckline; partial front button closures Ribbed knit with pointelle detailing; exposed seaming 3/4-sleeves ABOUT THIS BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10481483"
"Cotton Crochet Fringed Top, Created for Macy's  . Enjoy stylish fringe benefits with this top from Karen Scott, a relaxed silhouette in all cotton accented with airy crochet. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Crochet at sleeves, hem; fringe at hem Elbow sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10456363"
"Leopard-Print Peasant Top, In Regular & Petite Sizes  . A wildly chic leopard print covers every inch of this Michael Michael Kors peasant top, complete with a scoop neckline and effortless 3/4-sleeves. Easy fit; hits at hip; approx. 25" long for regular and 23" for petite Petite size designed to fit and flatter 5'4" frame and under Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Available in Regular and Petite sizes Watch the video under the image to see more! Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6663818"
"Women's adicolor Cotton Trefoil Hoodie  . A crossover neckline and pockets at the sides freshen this adidas Originals hoodie. An oversized logo lends a sporty touch to the comfy french terry top. French terry fabric Attached hood with drawstring, cross-over neckline; logo at front; on-seam pockets at sides Hits at hip A trefoil logo adds a retro vibe Cotton; rib: cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6004151"
"Cape-Style Top  . A drapey cape overlay brings flowy flair to this DKNY top that makes an elegant addition to your wardrobe. Approx. model height is 5'10-1/2" and she is wearing size small Round neckline Cape overlay Cape-style sleeves; exposed arms; cuffs with smocked detail Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10382316"
"3/4-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Update your casual collection with Charter Club's effortless V-neck top designed with charming 3/4-sleeves. V-neckline Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" 3/4-sleeves Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5399011"
"Printed Open-Front Cardigan, Created for Macy's  . Sleek shapes and muted tones freshen this look from Alfani, a stylish cardigan with a versatile open front that updates any ensemble. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 36-1/4" long Elbow-length sleeves Open front with no closure Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529045"
"One-Pocket Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Less proves to be more with this fundamental layering piece by Style & Co. This sleeveless blouse with a refined, scoop neck detailing has charm and casual flair. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Scoop neckline Pocket at chest Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10492200"
"Chill Spot T-Shirt  . Cool tie-dye patterning and catchy contrast stitching accent the laid-back shape of the Chill Spot T-shirt from Free People. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra small Round neckline Contrast stitched detail at seamlines Drop-shoulder short sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10555450"
"In Vivid Color Top  . Free People's In Vivid Color top pumps up the boho style with tiered details, embroidered mesh and a breezy personality. Split neckline with tie detail Embroidered mesh at yoke; tiered at body and sleeves Long blouson sleeves Body: viscose/modal; netting: cotton/nylon; embroidery: polyester Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10383677"
"Puff-Sleeve Striped Top  . Puff sleeves give this go-to CeCe top romantic charm, enhanced with pretty picot trim and tonal embroidery. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Crewneck Embroidered, tonal stripes throughout; picot trim at neckline Short puff sleeves with elasticized, ruffled cuffs Cotton; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538748"
"Karly Short Sleeve V Neck Top  . You need this essential tee in your wardrobe. A loose fit and super soft feel make the Karly short sleeve V neck top perfect for the summer days ahead. Your casual look never felt this fresh with a wide range of colors to choose from. Approx. model height is 173 cm and she is wearing a size S/95 Standard length body Comfortable relaxed fit Set in sleeve shape Please note that this item has Australian sizing Please select the Australian size above when placing order. Australian size will come on the tag sewn-in to the garment, but will fit like the US sizing below Sizing conversions (extended): US 0 = XXXS/AUR 4, US 2 = XXS/AUS 6, US 4 = XS/AUS 8, US 6 = S/AUS 10, US 8 = M/AUS 12, US 10 = L/AUS 14, US 12 = XL/AUS 16, US 14 = XXL/AUS 18 Viscose, Elastane Cold Hand Wash inside Out Do Not Bleach or Wring Line Dry in Shade Do Not Tumble Dry Cool Iron inside Out Do Not Iron Trim Do Not Dry Clean Imported Web ID: 10130892"
"Pleated-Back Blouse, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection captures quietly refined style in this sweet, lightweight Henley blouse with a front patch pocket and pleated back detail. Henley neckline Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" 3/4 sleeves with elastic cuffs Pleated at center top back; welt pocket at chest Hits at top of thigh Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10512747"
"INC Twist Keyhole Halter Top, Created for Macy's  . Bold florals and contrast trim create a cool, island vibe on this INC International Concepts®' halter top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Contrast halter neckline with keyhole; back button closure Mixed border prints Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503609"
"V-Neck Swing Tunic, Created for Macy's  . A swingy silhouette provides a comfortable, versatile look with this V-neck knit tunic from Alfani. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip V-neck Created for Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8163044"
"Tie-Front Keyhole Top  . Tied up at the front in a glamorous knot, this Vince Camuto top is any ensemble's focal point. Its drapey fit and wide sleeves make a subdued statement. Approx. 25-1/4" long Scoop neckline; hidden back zipper closure Keyhole at neckline; peplum hem; tie detail at front waist Elbow-length sleeves Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10035589"
"INC Cotton V-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® has your casual look covered with this classic cotton fitted T-shirt designed with a V-neck. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502591"
"V-Neck High-Low Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's sleeveless top features a fit that flares into a breezy high-low silhouette – perfect for laid back chic appeal. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 25" long V-neck High-low hem Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10426703"
"Floral-Print Bell-Sleeve Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . The mellow floral print of this Michael Michael Kors top melds with the softly ruched neckline and fluffy bell-sleeve cuffs. Approx. 26" long Round neckline with ruching Raglan bell 3/4-sleeves with ruffled cuffs Available in regular and petite sizes Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564591"
"INC Embellished Halter Top, Created for Macy's  . Sparkling embellishments highlight the gorgeous ring hardware at the neckline of this stylish halter top from I.N.C. International Concepts. Hits at hip Halter neckline with embellished ring hardware Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10504828"
"V-Neck Chiffon-Trim Top  . Build impressive looks with this sleek top from DKNY. Cut with clean lines in a soft, fluid finish, it keeps you looking polished from work to weekend. Approx. 24-1/2" long V-neck Chiffon trim at neckline and hem; vented hem Polyester Machine Wash Cold Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10465370"
"Handkerchief-Hem T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Style & Co's breezy cotton T-shirt is designed with a playful handkerchief hem that sweeps and sways with every step. Scoop neckline Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Handkerchief hem Cap sleeves Relaxed fit; hits below hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4865181"
"Ombré Cotton Sweatshirt  . An icy ombré motif sets chill vibes in Tommy Hilfiger's roomy sweatshirt, fashioned in 100% soft and breathable cotton. Approx. 24" long Crewneck All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564490"
"Button-Front Textured Top, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection's 3/4-sleeve textured top provides button-front detail to add contemporary style. Pair with your favorite jeans for a casual look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Textured fabric; decorative mixed buttons at placket; handkerchief hem Roll-tab sleeves with button detail Created For Macy's Cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10505054"
"Mixed-Print Split-Neck Tab-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Update your look with this fun offering from Style & Co, a relaxed top in a chic mix of prints accented in soft color. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Loose fit; hits at hip; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline; button placket 3/4-sleeves with tabs Created for Macy's Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8049970"
"Garden Treasure Floral-Print Top, Created for Macy's  . Colorful wildflowers bloom across the front of this Karen Scott top, bringing a sweet look to the relaxed silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Printed at front Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461202"
"Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Dare to bare a great trend with JM Collection's Cold-Shoulder Top, available only at Macy's Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Pullover style with cutouts at shoulder and three-quarter sleeves Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6440487"
"Collared Floral-Print Top  . From workdays to brunch dates, you'll be in top form in this beautiful top from CeCe. Approx. 24-1/2" Peter Pan collar with tie strings; back button closure with keyhole opening Polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10496660"
"INC Printed Twist-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Spring is in the air with this sunshine-bright top by INC International Concepts®, a fresh and flirty way to update your off-duty looks. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck Allover floral print; twisted front detail Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex; lining: nylon Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502644"
"Seashell Tunic Top  . Tie-dye streaks on a swingy cotton shape breeze into any room with the flowy high-low open-back style of Free People's Seashell tunic. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra small Square neckline Skinny straps tie at mid-back; high-low hemline ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10555448"
"North Shore Thermal Top  . The easiest layer you'll own. Free People's elongated thermal hits below the hip for cool & effortless coverage. Added bonus: it has thumbholes! Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Hits below hip; relaxed fit Scoop neckline Thermal; outside seam detailing; thumbholes at cuff ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose/polyester/elastane; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9367251"
"Lace-Up Long-Sleeve T-Shirt, Regular & Petite  . Your basic long-sleeve T-shirt goes mod with this Michael Michael Kors number, where lace-up details at the side bring the fun. Approx. regular length 28"; approx. petite length: 26" Round neckline Lace-up details at sides Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511094"
"Blouson-Style Cotton-Jersey Top  . Lauren Ralph Lauren's feminine cotton-jersey top is detailed with delicate trim and light shirring, while blouson-style sleeves enhance its romantic appeal. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 27" long Relaxed fit V-neck Three-button placket with elastic loop closure Double neckband Fagoting trim along the neckline and placket "LRL"-engraved buttons Long sleeves Buttoned barrel cuffs with slits and shirring Shirttail hem Front yoke with shirring underneath Cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10575618"
"Printed Ruffled Top  . Keep your look current with this fun top from Michael Michael Kors, a trendy piece in a petal print with tiers of ruffles at the body and sleeves. Approx. 22-1/2" V-neckline Long sleeves with ruffles Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511001"
"INC Double-Layer V-Neck Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Hints of blue lend an unexpectedly vibrant vibe to this bold animal-print top by INC International Concepts®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck Double layer; allover print Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503613"
"Ruffle-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Meet your favorite new top from Lucky Brand designed with softly ruffled sleeves. Scoop neckline Short ruffled sleeves Modal/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525899"
"Zip Print Top, Created for Macy's  . A boldly stylish zebra-inspired print decorates this modern top from JM Collection, designed with a V-neckline that zips at the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neckline; front zipper closure 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10172503"
"Sheer Crossover-Hem Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Alfani's swingy tunic top is styled with a sheer crossover hem that lightens up this look. Flattering 3/4-length sleeves add the right finishing touch. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26-1/2" long Boat neckline Sheer crossover hem is asymmetrical 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Knit: polyester/spandex; woven: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9911710"
"Cotton Crew-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A wardrobe basic you can't be without, this effortless T-shirt from Style & Co is the ultimate go-to with a crew neck, short sleeves and all-cotton fabric. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Crew neckline Small chest pocket; shirttail hem Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 6727281"
"Twist-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Throw your T-shirt wardrobe a curve with this cute twist-front top from Style & Co, with a look that fits in everywhere. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10424117"
"INC Striped Flap-Pocket Shirt, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts keeps your style classic and casual in this striped button-down shirt with roll-tab sleeves. Approx. model height is 5’10 and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip Point collar; V-neckline; button closures down front Flap pockets at chest Roll tab sleeves Created for Macy's Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6269088"
"Printed Top  . An exotic animal print and colorful dip-dye combine to create Lauren Ralph Lauren's vibrant cotton t-shirt. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 24-1/2" long Slim fit Crewneck Extended sleeves Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10575637"
"Spring Bound Long-Sleeve Top  . Stylishly slouchy, Free People's knit top is effortlessly cool with multicolored knit accents. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Scoop neckline Multicolored knit detail at front and back; round hem Raglan long sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/lyocell/linen; trim: cotton Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10484407"
"INC Twist-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' woven top takes a classic button-up look to the next level with a fun twist-detail front hem. Hits at hip V-neck; button closures at front Twist detail at front hem Created for Macy's Front: polyester; back: rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8770781"
"Lovestruck Washed Shirt  . Give your look a retro-inspired edge with this cotton shirt from Free People, in tie-dyed fabric with frayed hems. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Approx. 32-1/4" long Spread collar; button closure at front Button pockets at chest; rounded, frayed hem Tab sleeves ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526810"
"Cotton Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Classic cotton plaid is softened with tucks at the front and flowy flutter sleeves in this smart top from Style & Co. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 23"-1/2 long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Tucks at side front Short flutter sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526932"
"Studded Jersey T-Shirt  . Showcasing signature style, this cotton-blend T-shirt from Lauren Ralph Lauren is embellished with a studded "LRL" graphic. Crewneck US size medium has an approx. 26" body length, 38" bust, 29" shoulder, and 36" waist Studded "LRL" graphic at the center front Short sleeves Slim fit; intended to hit at the hip Also available in long sleeve, web id: 5122948 Cotton/modal Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4863526"
"INC EARTH Ruched Top, Created for Macy's  . A ruched front creates an ultra-flattering finish on this crewneck top from INC International Concepts®. Easy fit Crewneck Ruched at front Created with specially selected fibers such as recycled polyester, TENCEL™ Modal and LENZING™ ECOVERO™ Viscose. LENZING™, TENCEL™ and ECOVERO™ are trademarks of Lenzing AG. Created For Macy's Tencel® modal/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502734"
"Women's Sportswear Essential Cropped Hoodie  . Lightweight fleece gives you everyday comfort in this Nike Sportswear hoodie, a loose fit updated with a cropped silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits above hips; loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Lightweight semi-brushed fleece Drawstring hood with lining; ribbed details; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8082246"
"Clip-Dot Ruffled Top  . Feminine and sweet, this clip-dot top by CeCe is the perfect topper to trousers or jeans. Split neckline Long ruffled sleeves Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538735"
"Women's Pro Dri-FIT Printed Cross-Back Cropped Tank Top  . Sleek and smooth-fitting, this Nike Pro tank top accents a tonal print with colorful stripes crisscrossing an open back. Dri-FIT technology brings moisture-wicking comfort to the cropped silhouette. Fitted; U-back with crisscross striped straps; flat seams for a smooth fit INSPIRED FOR: Training Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919572"
"Tasha Thermal Top  . Free People takes warm waffle knit and makes it pretty with the Tasha top in cotton. Lace-up cuffs punctuated Juliet sleeves with shoulder pleats for a hint of volume. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Scoop neckline Waffle-knit texture Juliet sleeves with pleated shoulders and lace-up cuffs All cotton Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10491279"
"Printed Smocked Top, Created for Macy's  . Flattering smocking defines this chic scoop-neck top from Style & Co, a dainty floral printed piece finished with romantic ruffled trim at the cuffs. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 26-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Smocked bodice Smocked short sleeves; ruffled cuffs Created For Macy's Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526991"
"Cotton Printed Camp Shirt  . Introduce this camp shirt from Tommy Hilfiger to your collection for a cute option for leisure-chic looks. Approx. 26-1/2" long Point collar; front button closure Patch pockets at chest Short, cuffed sleeves All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10539947"
"Bright Eyes Velvet T-Shirt  . Free People's Bright Eyes top boasts vivid tie-dyed coloring with velvet texture adding dimension. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Roomy fit Crewneck Tie-dyed velvet finish Polyester/viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10383687"
"Smocked Off-The-Shoulder Top  . Flowing and fashion forward? Check and check. This CeCe top features a smocked off-the-shoulder neckline and ruffled sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Smocked off-the-shoulder neckline Body lined Ruffled cuffs at long sleeves Polyester; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538749"
"3/4 Sleeve Printed Polo Top, Created for Macy's  . Stay preppy and polished in this stylish printed polo top by Charter Club, featuring flattering 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Approx. 25-1/2" long Polo collar neckline with button placket Three-quarter-length sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10204140"
"Grommet-Neck Cotton Top, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott keeps you chic and casual for weekday style in this 100% cotton top with 3/4-sleeves and grommet trim at the neckline. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long V-neck Grommet trim at neck 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10175945"
"Lightweight Belted Linen Shirt  . Inspired by traditional utilitarian style, Lauren Ralph Lauren's lightweight linen shirt features a buttoned placket and buttoned patch pockets, and is shaped by a waist-defining self-belt. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 31" long Relaxed fit Point collar Buttoned placket with "Lauren Ralph Lauren"-engraved buttons Long roll-tab sleeves Two chest flapped patch pockets with a buttoned closure Comes with a removable self-belt Threaded belt loops Shirttail hem Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10575581"
"3/4-Sleeve Crossover Top  . So fun and carefree you'll never want to put it back in your closet, this Karen Kane top combines a crossover hem with floaty sleeves for effortless fashion. Split neckline with ties Crossover hemline; ruching at front shoulder seams and below back yoke Asymmetrical 3/4-sleeves Polyester Dry clean Imported Web ID: 10461217"
"Pima Cotton Boat-Neck Button-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Keep your ensemble simple and sophisticated with Charter Club's boat-neck top, finished with subtle shoulder buttons. Approx. model height: 5'10" and is wearing size small Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Hits at hip Boat neckline; three-quarter sleeves Button embellishments at shoulders Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 3053204"
"Linen Tie-Front Button-Up Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's button-up shirt plays it cool and casual in breathable linen with flattering tie-front styling. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck; front button closures Self-tie at front hem Cuffed short sleeves Created for Macy's Linen Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10354961"
"Embellished Lace-Contrast Top, Created for Macy's  . A combo of lace, crochet and sequins grace the front of this V-neck top from JM Collection, finished with 3/4-sleeves. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neckline Lace and crochet contrasting at front; sequin embellishment at front 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Knit: cotton; net patch: cotton/nylon; lace: cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6203340"
"Grommet-Trim Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Squared-off grommets and a center notch in the neckline tab update the comfortable shape of this knit tank top from Karen Scott. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split scoop neckline with laced grommet trim Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10455618"
"Paris Picnic Patchwork Top  . A patchwork of lace and embroidery bring sweet charm to this Free People top, a cropped silhouette in all cotton. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small/4/26 Approx. 20" long Scoop neckline Long sleeves with lace, embroidery ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471535"
"INC Ribbed V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . A year-round essential, this ribbed V-neck top from INC International Concepts was made for work or play. V-neckline Pullover style Fitted Hits at hip Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4266207"
"INC Floral Smocked Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Fitted & flowy at the same time, INC International Concepts® reinvents the peasant blouse with this pretty sheer-sleeved piece. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted V-neck Printed; smocked Created For Macy's Polyester/metallic; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502651"
"Women's Air Cotton Logo T-Shirt  . Stay comfortable all day long with this Nike T-shirt, a relaxed fit with the soft feel of all cotton. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9920654"
"Point-Collar Blouse  . Put together an effortless career look beginning with this long-sleeve blouse from Tommy Hilfiger, styled with a classic point collar and button-down front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Point collar; front button closures Polyester/spandex Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4450606"
"Scoop-Neck Damask Top, Created for Macy's  . Complete your look with JM Collection's printed top with 3/4-sleeves. The bold print and comfortable, relaxed fit will keep this at the front of your closet. Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Shirttail hem Hits at hip Created For Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497865"
"Logo T-Shirt  . A bold logo adorns the iconic flag design on this classic T-shirt from Tommy Hilfiger. Approx. 24-1/2" long Crew neckline Logo and flag graphic at chest Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8170477"
"Woven Button-Down Shirt  . New details — like a feminine collar and glistening buttons — refresh this woven stripe shirt from Lucky Brand. Band collar; front button closures Woven stripe detail throughout All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10522570"
"Ruffled Off-The-Shoulder Top, Regular & Petite  . Michael Michael Kors' updated peasant blouse is off-the-shoulder and on-trend in this season's chic animal print. Approx. 21" long Straight neckline Ruffle popover Off-the-shoulder long sleeves with self-tie cuffs Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9676419"
"Cotton Keyhole Studded Top, Created for Macy's  . Add the just-right amount of shine with this all-cotton top from Karen Scott, a classic updated with studs at the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline with keyhole Studs at neckline, front Elbow sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10459205"
"Cotton Logo T-Shirt, Available in Regular & Petites  . Michael Michael Kors' logo-print T-shirt is made from 100% cotton and perfect paired with skinny jeans. Relaxed fit; approx. 25" (P) 27" (R) long Available in Regular & Petites Crewneck Logo print at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511071"
"Rhinestone Trim 3/4-sleeve Tunic, Created for Macy's  . The latest eye-catching design from JM Collection features rhinestone trim that will keep all eyes on you while the tunic fit and 3/4-sleeves will keep you comfortable all day long. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Rhinestone trim detailing 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10666110"
"Peaceful Yoga 3/4-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Relaxed and roomy, this active T-shirt from Marc New York features comfortable 3/4-sleeves and a scoop neckline. Model is wearing a size small Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Active lifestyle Scoop neckline; 3/4-sleeves Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565611"
"Cotton Ombré Wide-Neck Sweatshirt  . Elevate your casual look with this all-cotton sweatshirt from Tommy Hilfiger Sport. A wide neckline and ombré tones create stylish appeal. Relaxed fit; approx. 23" long Wide neckline Tie at hem 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564487"
"213 Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Take a break from the routine T-shirt. The broken-in look of the Free People 213 tee sports a slouchy shape that's finished with rustic raw seams. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra small Approx. 24-1/2" long Round neckline Raw seam detail; banded hemline Drop-shoulder dolman long sleeves with cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10339565"
"INC Floral-Print Mesh Peasant Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' boho-inspired mesh top comes alive with a blossoming floral print and long, sheer bell sleeves. Loose fit; hits at hip Surplice neckline Sheer bell sleeves Created for Macy's Shell, lining: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7888075"
"Graphic T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Elevate your casual look with this Style & Co T-shirt, a relaxed top with a pleat at the back and cuffed sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Graphic at front; pleat at back Short cuffed sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10458517"
"Cotton Crochet Patchwork Top, Created for Macy's  . A beautifully crocheted patchwork panel at the front brings a lovely update to this JM Collection top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S Approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Crocheted patchwork detail at front 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Body: cotton; mesh: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10514013"
"Burnout V-Neck T-Shirt, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . A cool burnout look refreshes the comfortable shape of this V-neck T-shirt from Style & Co. Relaxed fit; Approx. length: 26-1/2" long (regular); 24" long (petite) V-neck Rounded hemline Available in Regular & Petite sizes Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10347929"
"Tulip-Hem Tunic, Created for Macy's  . Stylish layered or alone, this Ideology tunic feature subtle flecks of color and a tulip hem that bring fashionable flair to your active look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Semi-fitted Long line for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Active/lifestyle Crewneck; cap raglan sleeves; tulip hem Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10566303"
"INC Printed Ruffle-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . On-trend ruffles frame the front and back Vs of an I.N.C. International Concepts bubble top blooming with style. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits below hip V-neck, V-back Tie at hem Ruffle sleeves Created for Macy's Shell and lining: nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8003909"
"Elsie Tunic Top  . A laid-back look that sports a fashion-forward vibe, the Free People Elsie tunic's vintage-style texture is accented by horizontal tucks at the front and back. Approx. 31-1/2" long Round neckline Tucked trim at front and back bodice; crochet trim at hemline Wide puff short sleeves with elastic cuffs ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/linen Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10339569"
"Women's Gym Vintage Sweatshirt  . A soft comfy feel with heritage vibes, this Nike Sportswear sweatshirt gives you a relaxed fit and lightweight fabric. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; ribbed cuffs, hem; distressed logo at left chest Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919602"
"Textured Top  . Stylish texture polishes this top from Eileen Fisher, a versatile piece with flared 3/4-sleeves and a relaxed fit. Relaxed fit; approx. 25" long Round neckline Vents at sides 3/4-sleeves Tencel® lyocell/cotton/organic cotton/spandex Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10536727"
"Heathered Keyhole-Back Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . A triangular keyhole at the back adds a stylish upgrade this performance tank top from Ideology, in two-way stretch fabric with wicking technology that helps evaporate moisture. Rapid Dry wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; two-way Flex Stretch fabric Semi-fitted; triangular keyhole at back Flat seams for a smooth feel Hits at hip Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4646377"
"Women's Sportswear Heritage Half-Zip Hoodie  . Hoodie meets half-zip in this comfy top from Nike, a cropped silhouette with the old-school look of the Windrunner collection. Model is wearing a size small Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Smooth knit fabric Drawstring hood; half-zip closure at front; logo at front Shell: cotton/polyester; rib: cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8931788"
"Skinny-Strap Cropped Camisole  . This stretchy, cropped cami from Free People serves as a chic layering piece or a sexy topper that pairs perfectly with jeans. Scoop neckline Pullover style Elastic spaghetti straps Ribbed hem Hits above waist ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of juniors' clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Nylon/spandex Machine washable Made in USA Web ID: 2584503"
"Scoop-Neck Basic Tank, Created for Macy's  . Alfani's essential scoop-neck tank is the need-now layering piece for your everyday wardrobe. Scoop neckline Pullover style Sleeveless; bra-friendly Fitted Hits at hip Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size S/4 Nylon/spandex Machine washable Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 528587"
"Smocked Flutter-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Elegant with a bit of boho, this Style & Co top features a smocked neckline and sheer flutter sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline with tie, smocked bib Short tiered flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10436758"
"Cotton Printed-Logo T-Shirt  . Candy-soft color freshens an iconic logo, bringing a fresh feel to this all-cotton T-shirt from Levi's®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Logo graphic at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10473466"
"Cotton Striped Long-Sleeve T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Go for classic style and comfort with this T-shirt from Tommy Hilfiger, in timeless stripes and soft cotton. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Scoop neckline Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9561593"
"Classics Cotton Logo T-Shirt  . Today's color updates this classic from Puma, a logo T-shirt with the soft feel of all cotton. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front Shell: cotton; rib: cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10344467"
"INC Floral-Print Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Painted flowers bloom on this stunning top from INC International Concepts, finished with flutter sleeves and breezy cold-shoulder cutouts. Crew neckline; back button closures Puff paint fabric Flutter sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts Hits at hip Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 4513510"
"Classic Button-Front Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Charter Club's essential four-season, button-front long-sleeve shirt is a ready-made match for all your essentials. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted; hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Point collar; button-front closure Shaping seams front and back Created for Macy's Cotton/nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6569592"
"Long-Sleeve Denim Shirt  . True-blue cool goes up in this timeless denim shirt from GUESS, styled with flap pockets and long sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Point collar; front button closures Flap pockets at chest Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 9092026"
"Floral-Print Tie-Hem Blouse  . Pretty enough to dress up your day, this tie-hem blouse from Vince Camuto styles with skirts, pants and even jeans. Approx. 22-1/2" long V-neck; front button closures Tied at front of hem Long blouson sleeves Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10561601"
"Gingham-Print Ruffled Top  . CeCe introduces gingham print to modern style with this cute sleeveless top, featuring flirty ruffled trim. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit Split neckline with buttons Ruffled at armholes Polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10565233"
"Floral-Print Boatneck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . How does Karen Scott's garden grow? With a lovely fine-gauge T-shirt, complete with a floral print and cuffed elbow-length sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Boatneck Elbow-length sleeves; cuffed Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10460725"
"Camo-Print T-Shirt  . A classic camo print covers every inch of this casual V-neck T-shirt from Lucky Brand. V-neck Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10526917"
"Marlene Tunic  . This flattering tunic from white mark drapes stunningly on your body. With a bold, flirty print and three quarter sleeves, you are sure to feel comfortable and look stylish. Shark bite hem Scoop neck Printed Three quarter sleeve This item purchased online must be returned to the vendor by mail only. This item cannot be returned to Macy's stores. Polyester Machine Washable Imported Web ID: 10356614"
"Floral-Print T-Shirt  . A dainty floral print blooms allover this classic cotton T-shirt from Lucky Brand that pairs perfectly with your go-to jeans. V-neck All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10525887"
"INC O-Ring Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Show off your shoulders in the most fabulous way with INC International Concepts®' elevated (and figure flaunting) top. Model is wearing a size small Scoop neckline with O-ring straps Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10405100"
"Mesh-Trimmed T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Style and function come together in this updated look from Ideology, a T-shirt with breathable mesh and a drop hem with vents that let you move. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Drop hem for added coverage Mesh at sleeves, back Crewneck Created For Macy's Polyester/lyocell/spandex; mesh: nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484698"
"Women's Cotton Ultimate Western Denim Shirt  . A fresh take on a fashion icon, the Levi's® Ultimate Western is an instant classic. Its style is a testament to a timeless American legacy. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing size small Hits at hip Point collar; front button closures Patch pockets with flap closures at chest Cotton/polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10541147"
"Dip-Dyed Polo Shirt  . Refresh your everyday classics with this Tommy Hilfiger stretch polo shirt dipped in cool color. Easy fit Polo collar; 1/2 front button closures Dip-dyed styling Cotton/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10426432"
"Printed Clarity T-Shirt  . A fiercely chic print offers a stylish approach to casual-cool with Free People's pullover top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Ringer neckline Unfinished trim ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10256188"
"Floral-Print Wrap-Front Blouse  . Fluttery sleeves and a beautifully draped wrap-style front elevate the romantic feel of this floral blouse from Vince Camuto. Approx. 24" long V-neck; snap at front Flutter sleeves Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10525831"
"INC Inverted-Pleat V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts brings effortless chic appeal with this V-neck top, featuring a subtle inverted pleat at the front. Models in photos are wearing sizes S, M, and L. Shoulder to hem length S: 27-1/2", M: 28" and L: 28-1/2". Relaxed-fit V-neckline with inverted pleat at center front neckline Created for Macy's Also available in petite sizes designed to fit 5'4" and under frame. Shop Web ID: 5376117 Front: polyester; back: rayon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5376118"
"Pleated Blouse  . Tight pleats adorn the top back of this NYDJ blouse for a smart twist on an essential silhouette. Button closures at front Pleated at top center back; vented hem Long bishop sleeves Loose fit; hits at hip Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 3676436"
"Women's Adicolor Cotton 3-Stripe T-Shirt  . A timeless look updated with the bold tones of the Adicolor collection, this adidas Originals T-shirt is in all cotton for soft everyday comfort. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; three stripes at sleeves; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8204961"
"INC Cotton Eyelet-Trim Crossover Top, Created for Macy's  . Pretty eyelet and a contemporary twist front elevate the stylish feel of this cotton top from INC International Concepts®. Relaxed fit Crewneck Crossover front hem Eyelet trim at flutter sleeves Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502716"
"Printed V-Neck Top, Created for Macy's  . Put together a stunning daily look with this floral-printed top from Charter Club, styled with a ruched V-neck and a rounded hem. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; approx. 28" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Ruching at neckline; rounded hem 3/4 sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489393"
"INC Printed Lace-Up Corset Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts' stretch top stands out in a vibrant print with fashion-forward corset styling. Fitted; hits below waist Crewneck Grommets with lace-up tie at side Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8700632"
"Women's UA Tech Half-Zip Top  . Elevated seaming creates an enhanced fit in this Under Armour top, a stylish half-zip with ultra-soft, quick-drying UA Tech fabric for a more natural feel. Loose: Generous, more relaxed fit. Ultra-soft, quick-drying UA Tech™ fabric; wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; anti-odor technology Stand collar; half-zip closure; long raglan sleeves; side seams rolled forward for an enhanced fit Hits at hip Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 5243949"
"Organic Cotton Crew-Neck T-Shirt, Regular & Petite  . Eileen Fisher's softly shaped T-shirt is a casual staple styled with a crew neckline and short sleeves. Crew neckline Approx. model measurements: height: 5'9-1/2"; bust: 32"; waist: 25"; hips: 34" Hits at hip Available in regular and petite sizing Petite size designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 5611292"
"Ruffled Eyelet Cold-Shoulder Top, Regular & Petite Sizes  . Airy eyelet captivates with cold-shoulder cutouts in this soft ruffle-trimmed top from Michael Michael Kors. Approx. 26" long Scoop neckline Ruffled flounce at hemline Adjustable straps; elbow-length sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts and ruffled cuffs Available in regular and petite sizes Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564596"
"Cotton Scalloped-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Looped fabric trim is punctuated with sparkling studs on the scoop neckline of Karen Scott's classic cotton T-shirt. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Scoop neckline Fabric trim and studs at neckline Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10460808"
"Pleated Flutter-Sleeve Top  . Opt for sweet and delicate in this airy blouse from CeCe with flowy flutter sleeves and lovely lace details. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size medium V-neck; button closure at front Pintuck pleats at front; lace trimming Short flutter sleeves Shell, trim and lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538734"
"Organic High-Low Tunic  . Eileen Fisher's roomy tunic features a classic crewneck and a high-low hem with side slits. Approx. 29" long at front; approx. 30" long at back Crewneck High-low hem with side slits Organic cotton/elastane Machine washable Made in USA Web ID: 10536729"
"Floral-Print Puff-Sleeve Top  . Pretty, please. Polished pleating and a subtle textured pattern accent the soft style of this CeCe blouse. Round neck; buttoned closure at back neckline slit Pullover style Short puffed sleeves Polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10538744"
"INC Cutout T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Cutouts at the neckline lends a contemporary vibe to this short-sleeve T-shirt from I.N.C. International Concepts. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip Crewneck with cutouts Created for Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8048059"
"INC Cotton Eyelet Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts®' romantic cotton top is designed with pretty embroidered eyelets throughout. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small High neckline; back button closures Allover eyelet detail Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502588"
"Utility Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Refresh your casual look in Style & Co.'s utility shirt, featuring a light knit jersey fabric and roll-tab sleeves. Point collar Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Three-quarter sleeves with roll tabs Flap pockets at chest Hits at hip Generous sizing; if in-between sizes, consider sizing down Created for Macy's Need a Petite Size? Shop Web ID: 2709406 All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 885569"
"Foil-Print T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A shimmering metallic dreamcatcher graphic graces the front of this comfortable short-sleeve T-shirt from Style & Co, making it a perfect pick for your casual collection. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. length: 27" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Foil print at front Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon Machine washable Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10527017"
"Slim-Fit Turtleneck  . With lightweight stretch jersey and elbow-length sleeves, this Lauren Ralph Lauren turtleneck is a polished layering piece for transitional seasons. Turtleneck US size medium has an approx. 24-1/2" body length, 34" bust, 29" shoulder, and 32" waist "LRL"-engraved metal plaque at the front right hem Elbow-length sleeves Slim fit; intended to hit at the hip Cotton/elastane Machine washable Imported Web ID: 4987667"
"INC Cold-Shoulder Chain-Detail Top, Created for Macy's  . The cold-shoulder top is back and more glam than ever with I.N.C. International Concepts' floaty peasant-inspired style, finished with polished chain details. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip Scoop neckline; off-the-shoulder silhouette Thin straps Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10578688"
"Women's Glam-Logo Sweatshirt  . A comfy classic with fresh stylish details, this fleece sweatshirt from adidas features drop shoulders and pleats at the back. A shiny logo completes the look. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Fleece Ribbed crewneck; long sleeves with drop shoulders, ribbed cuffs; ribbed hem with vents at sides; pleats at back; shiny logo at front Cotton/recycled polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9018182"
"Puff Sleeve Bodysuit, Created for Macy's  . Big sleeves, big style. This Danielle Bernstein bodysuit features the look of a collared shirt with bold statement sleeves. Danielle Bernstein, founder of world-renowned fashion blog WeWoreWhat, introduces a new line of clothing using her namesake. The new brand is size inclusive and affordable, with all pieces under $100. Danielle grew up shopping at Macy's on Long Island, NY, and her new line is a nod to her childhood. Approx. model height is 5'7" and she is wearing size M Approx. length: 29" Collared neckline; relaxed fit Puff shoulder Button front; snap gusset closure Runs small; we suggest sizing up for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Cotton/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10510161"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Logo Cropped T-Shirt  . An updated classic with premium all-cotton comfort, this Nike T-shirt features a relaxed fit and cropped silhouette for a current look. Loose fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919591"
"Women's Sportswear Printed Cropped T-Shirt  . A cute cropped silhouette with a sleek fit, this Nike T-shirt is in a dynamic print that updates your look. Tight fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; logo at front Cotton/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919576"
"Be Free Tie-Dyed Long-Sleeve T-Shirt  . Get your hands on the Be Free T-shirt from Free People, a tie-dyed pick designed with roomy oversized sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. 29-1/2" long Crewneck Tie-dyed print Oversized long sleeves 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10526818"
"Floral-Print Cold-Shoulder Top, Regular & Petite  . Cold-shoulder cutouts are the perfect finishing touch to this fluttery floral top from Michael Michael Kors. Approx. 26-1/2" long; petite approx. 24" long Scoop neckline Flutter sleeves with cold-shoulder cutouts Available in regular and petite sizes Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10510967"
"3/4-Sleeve Wavy Dream Top, Created for Macy's  . Feel comfortable, yet stylish in this scoop-neck top by JM Collection. Pair it with jeans and flats for the perfect daytime look. Approximate model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35.5"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Shirttail hem Hits below hip Scoop neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10484516"
"Tiered Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Alfani reinvents your polished style with this 3/4-sleeve shirt designed with a beautifully tiered front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 28-1/4" long Point collar; front button closures Tiered design at front 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10529065"
"3/4-Sleeve Striped Top, Created for Macy's  . Less proves to be more with this fundamental layering piece by Charter Club. This striped, 3/4-sleeve blouse with refined, scoop neck detailing has charm and ease. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10481762"
"Printed Tie-Front Top, Created for Macy's  . Bright and eye-catching, this striped, tie-front top by Style & Co is the perfect addition to your closet to spruce up your daytime look. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 22-1/2" long Split neckline Tie-front at hem 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10497960"
"Logo Hoodie  . Cozy up to this vibrant hoodie from GUESS, designed with a drawstring hood and a tiny logo at the front. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Attached drawstring hood Logo detail at front chest Polyester/cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10513854"
"V-Neck Chiffon-Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . A sheer chiffon hem creates a sophisticated longline effect on this soft V-neck top from Style & Co, a must for layering over jeans and skinny pants. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Round neckline with chiffon hem 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Shell: rayon/spandex; hem: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8331969"
"Puffed-Sleeve Illusion Top, Created for Macy's  . From the runway to the sidewalk, add an avant-garde appeal with this splendid Bar III top. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted; approx. length: 19-3/8" Square neckline Sheer puffed elbow sleeves Created For Macy's Body: viscose/nylon; contrast: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10489744"
"Clarity Ringer Top  . The effortless tee, reinvented. Free People's updated look is soft, oversized, and ready to be styled any way you like. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Relaxed fit Ringer neckline Unfinished trim Semi-sheer ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10160456"
"Tie-Dyed Crossover Hem Top, Created for Macy's  . Update your active look with this tie-dyed top from Ideology, a soft, relaxed silhouette with a stylish crossover hem. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Approx. 27" long; relaxed fit Crewneck; long raglan sleeves; crossover hem Created For Macy's Polyester/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10508599"
"Alma Linen T-Shirt  . The Alma T-shirt from Sanctuary is designed entirely in lightweight linen for an airy addition to your casual look. Approx. 24-1/4" long Scoop neckline All linen Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10555218"
"INC Lace-Trim Top, Created for Macy's  . A lace yoke adds fashionable appeal to this top by INC. Lace inset at yoke Hits at hip Created for Macy's V-neckline; pullover style Rayon/spandex; lace: nylon Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10961026"
"Bright Side Thermal Top  . Free People's fresh spin on the classic thermal with a full-length sleeve design. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Stretch fit Scoop neckline Unlined ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10209016"
"Women's Glam Metallic-Logo Racerback Tank Top  . Breathable and chic, this Nike tank top accents engineered mesh with metallic details for a glam look. Dri-FIT performance helps wick away moisture. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Racerback INSPIRED FOR: Running Allover mesh; Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck with metallic stripes; elongated arm openings; curved hem is longer at the back; metallic logo at front Nylon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8930009"
"Tie-Front Sleeveless Top, Created for Macy's  . Elevate your jeans with Style & Co's tie-front sleeveless top. The tie at hem detail adds a dash of sophistication. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Tie at front hem Created For Macy's Rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10362826"
"Cotton Striped Cuffed-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Slender stripes in a mix of colors update this top from Style & Co, a relaxed silhouette in gauzy all-cotton fabric. Model is wearing size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Long sleeves with roll tabs 100% cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10519209"
"French Terry Tank Top  . Karen Kane's perfectly styled tank top falls just to the hips in french terry. It's a versatile piece with jeans or tucked into a skirt. Relaxed fit; hits at hip Crewneck Shirttail hem Modal/polyester/spandex Machine washable Made in USA Web ID: 8031863"
"Printed V-Neck Top  . A fun update on a classic, this Michael Michael Kors top is in a dainty print with a tie-front accent. Approx. 24-1/2" long Short ruched sleeves V-neck with tie, hardware Nylon Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10511092"
"Printed Pleated-Sleeve Top  . We love the way a Peter Pan collar ups the charm of this CeCe top, framed with short pleated sleeves for unexpected detail. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Relaxed fit Peter Pan collar; back keyhole and button closure Short pleated, tiered sleeves Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10538769"
"Pleated Blouse  . Shoulder pleats give Calvin Klein's sleeveless blouse a chic, gathered finish. The textured effect is an effortless way to elevate your style. V-neckline; hidden button closures at front Pleated at shoulders Hits at hip Polyester/spandex Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8690900"
"Long-Sleeve Non-Iron Shirt  . Rendered in smooth non-iron cotton for easy style, Lauren by Ralph Lauren's timeless Aaron shirt has classic appeal. Buttoned placket Straight point collar Barrel cuffs Shirttail hem Embroidered "LRL" logo accents the left chest Split back yoke for a smooth, contoured shoulder All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 8907806"
"Women's Cotton Logo Hoodie  . Perfect for when you need a little warmth, this Champion hoodie is in all-cotton jersey that won't weigh you down. Vents at the sides update the silhouette. INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Heavyweight jersey Attached hood; kangaroo pocket; ribbed cuffs; vents at sides; logo at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9652247"
"INC Cutout Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Just try not to attract attention in this chic, detailed top from I.N.C. International Concepts, finished with shoulder-sharing cutouts for a little drama. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip V-neck Cutouts at shoulders Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7819474"
"Dylan Baby Doll Top  . For anything from the clubs to the trails, the Dylan top from Free People is a fabulous choice. Its empire waist and snap closures keep it breezy-chic. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Point collar; front snap closures Contrast seams throughout; pockets at chest; high-low hem; empire waist All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10383676"
"INC Ruffled Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Pretty ruffled sleeves come alive with cold-shoulder cutouts on this chic top from I.N.C. International Concepts. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 31-1/2"; waist: 24"; hips: 35" Hits at hip Scoop neckline Ruffled cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Shell: rayon/spandex; trim: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8048076"
"Ruffled V-Neck Top  . Not your basic blouse: CeCe goes a cut above the rest with this delicately ruffled topper, showcasing a timeless V-neck design. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small V-neck; button-front closures Ruffled cuffs Unlined Polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10565222"
"Cold-Shoulder Asymmetrical Top, Created for Macy's  . Alfani keeps it interesting with an asymmetrical motif in this chic top with 3/4-sleeves and cutouts at the shoulders. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 26" long Asymmetrical neckline Cutouts at shoulders; asymmetrical hem 3/4-sleeves Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9911709"
"Cotton Striped V-Neck Top  . Your go-to for warm and cool days, this cotton top from Tommy Hilfiger layers stylishly with cardigans, denim jackets and so much more. Approx. 24-1/2" long V-neck Small logo flag at chest All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10539943"
"Sundrop Camisole  . Free People's flirty Sundrop camisole has a flowy A-line silhouette that is weekend ready with a pair of cutoff shorts. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Loose fit V-neck Gathered detail with small ruffle at waist Spaghetti strap tie at back Modal/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10786588"
"3/4-Sleeve Henley Shirt, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . Style tip: stock your wardrobe with basic styles you can always turn to, like this super-easy-to-style henley shirt by Karen Scott. Available in Regular & Petite sizes Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. length: 26" (regular); 24" (petite); relaxed fit Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame V-neck V-neck with partial button closures Unlined Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10337944"
"Yoga Women's Dri-FIT Tank Top  . Lightweight stretch fabric helps keep you dry on the mat in this yoga tank top from Nike. A longer back hem lets you stretch with confidence. Model is wearing a size small Longer hem at back for added coverage INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure/training/running Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Scoop neckline; logo at front Polyester/cotton/rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8931800"
"Equestrian Striped Shirt  . Treated with a no-iron finish, Lauren Ralph Lauren's classic striped shirt adorned with the season's equestrian-inspired print is a wear-to-work must-have. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Size medium is approx. 27-½" long Slim fit Point collar Buttoned placket Signature "Lauren Ralph Lauren" engraved buttons Long sleeves with buttoned barrel cuffs Back yoke Shirttail hem All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10517377"
"Summer Breeze Striped Top  . Free People's effortless pullover top in a gorgeous striped print helps you relax in style with a slouchy silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size extra-small Oversized fit V-neck; button closures at front Front patch pocket; side slits at bottom; pleating detail at back; rounded hem ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Linen/viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10555680"
"INC Animal-Print Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . INC International Concepts® presents the perfect balance of an eye-catching print and trend-right cutouts with this cold-shoulder top in a sophisticated animal print. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Scoop neckline; lobster clip at back neckline Criss-cross detail at neckline; cold shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503594"
"Solid V-Neck Chiffon Overlay Top, Created for Macy's  . A soft chiffon overlay forms fluttery sleeves that steal the show on this sophisticated top from JM Collection. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size medium Hits at hip; approx. length: 25-1/2" Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit V-neck Created for Macy's Same Great Fit. Same Great Brand. New, Fresh Label Rayon/spandex; overlay: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8250240"
"Floral-Print Elbow-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . A soft border print polishes this top from Karen Scott, a relaxed silhouette that freshens your favorite separates. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Boat neckline Cuffed elbow sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10461204"
"Tie-Cuff Top, Created for Macy's  . Ties at each cuff lend endless charm and style to this softly shaped top from Alfani. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Approx. 26-1/4" long V-neck 3/4-sleeves with tie cuffs Shell: polyester/spandex; tie cuffs: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10492388"
"Women's Dri-FIT Logo Tank Top  . Stay comfortable at the gym with this Nike tank top. Dri-FIT fabric helps wick away moisture, while a wide racerback combines coverage and mobility. Wide racerback INSPIRED FOR: Training Dri-FIT wicking technology helps evaporate moisture Crewneck; logo at front Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900444"
"INC Printed Crewneck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Here's the remix: your favorite INC International Concepts®' tee, in every statement print you can think of. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Fitted tee Runs small Crewneck Allover print Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10502680"
"INC Printed Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Spotted: the style to be seen in, this chic animal-printed top by INC International Concepts®, finished with fluttery shoulder-baring sleeves. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Scoop neckline; button closure at back Allover spotted print Short cold-shoulder flutter sleeves Unlined Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503608"
"Gauze Cape Gauze Top, In Regular and Petite, Created for Macy's  . An angled overlay creates the appearance of a modern cape, while small O-ring hardware adorns the roomy 3/4-sleeves of this scoop-neck top from JM Collection. Cape overlay; gauze material; lace-up detail at sleeves with O-ring hardware Hits at hip Available in Regular & Petite sizes Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Petite sizes designed to fit and flatter 5'4" and under frame Scoop neckline WHY YOU'LL LOVE IT: a very lightweight blend of rayon and polyester offers cool comfort and great style. Created for Macy's Overlay: rayon/polyester; body: rayon/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6665981"
"Main Squeeze Ribbed Seamed Sweater  . Cozy chic in every way, the Main Squeeze sweater from Free People gets extra detail from ribbed texture and exposed seams. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size x-small Loose fit; hits at hip Crewneck Ribbed; exposed seams ABOUT THE BRAND: If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you’ll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy’s that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Polyester/rayon/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9367252"
"Printed Pintuck Ruffled-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . Soft tiers of ruffles and sheer sleeves bring this lovely Charter Club top to a dreamy finish. Pintucks at the front polish the look. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Relaxed fit; approx. 26" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Split neckline Pintucks at front Sheer 3/4-sleeves with tiered ruffled cuffs Lined Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex; lining: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10503326"
"Silk Mandarin-Collar Blouse  . An elegant Mandarin collar tops off this luxurious silk blouse from Eileen Fisher, a sleeveless pick that flows effortlessly. Approx. 31" long Mandarin collar; front button closures All silk Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10591186"
"Button-Front V-Neck Top  . Eileen Fisher dresses up a sleeveless V-neck top by adding shirting-style buttons down the front. Perfect for either wearing alone or lightweight layering. Approx. 23" long V-neck; front button closures Viscose/spandex Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10577437"
"Supima® Cotton Scoop-Neck Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Timeless, comfortable and versatile, this Charter Club tank top with a scoop neckline is a go-to any day of the week. Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35-1/2"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" and she is wearing a size small. Approx. 26" long Scoop-neck Made with superior ultra-soft Supima® cotton fiber Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10216400"
"FP Movement Love Tie-Dyed Tank Top  . 1960s to now: tie-dye is back, baby! Free People's tank top is cut to show off a bold bit of midriff. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/6/26 Relaxed fit Crewneck ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 9345951"
"INC Zip-Pocket Blouse, Created for Macy's  . Great color and contemporary styling make this I.N.C. International Concepts blouse a wardrobe favorite. Hits at hip V-neck Decorative zippers at chest Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9348758"
"INC Contrast-Trim Cold-Shoulder Top, Created for Macy's  . Designed to frame your face with contrast colorblocking at the straps and neckline, this cold-shoulder top from I.N.C. International Concepts makes a stylish impact. Hits at hip Sweetheart neckline Colorblocked trim; wide straps with cold-shoulder cutouts Created for Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 7208073"
"Cotton Tank Top, Created for Macy's  . Karen Scott refreshes your everyday looks in this sleeveless top that makes for effortless pairing any day of the week. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Approx. 28" long Scoop-neck Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10442475"
"Ruffled Tie-Neck Blouse  . Flowing ruffles cascade at the front of this stylish career blouse, styled with a chic tie neckline, from Tommy Hilfiger. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip V-neckline Tie at neckline; ruffled front; lined at bodice Polyester Dry clean Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 6538223"
"Gauze Cold-Shoulder Peplum Top, Created for Macy's  . A drawstring waist lends definition to a cute peplum hem on this Thalia Sodi top. A metallic-threaded accent anchors the center while chic cold shoulders frame the look. Gauze Hits at hip V-neck Drawstring peplum hem; cold-shoulder cutouts; metallic-threaded trim at center front Created for Macy's Rayon/polyester; lining; polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8637726"
"INC Animal Print Zip-Detail Top, Created for Macy's  . Zip detailing and a fierce animal print add modern appeal to this INC International Concepts shirt. Split neckline Pullover style Two fake zip pockets at chest Fitted Hits at hip Created for Macy's Also available in petite sizes designed to fit 5'4" and under frame. Web ID: 2965951 Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9996671"
"Roma Animal-Print Top  . Bring on the romance with Free People's enchanting blouse. This piece features a sheer body accented with fluttering ruffles. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size XS Mock neckline; tie closures at back Camisole shown is not included ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. Viscose Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10216075"
"Drop-Shoulder Zip Hoodie  . A fresh look in classic laid-back comfort, this zip hoodie from Tommy Hilfiger Sport is updated with drop shoulders and vibrant signature details. Relaxed fit; approx. 23-1/2" long Drawstring hood with contrast lining Welt pockets at front Long sleeves with drop shoulders, stripes with mesh Cotton/polyester; mesh: polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10564514"
"Women's UA Tech V-Neck T-Shirt  . A versatile top with active comfort and sporty style, this Under Armour T-shirt is in ultra-soft UA Tech fabric with a mesh texture for a great feel. Approx. model height is 5'9" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip; slim fit INSPIRED FOR: Training Ultra-soft, quick-drying UA Tech fabric with mesh texturing; wicking technology helps evaporate moisture; anti-odor technology Deep V-neck; logo at front Polyester/elastane Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 8095870"
"Printed Bell-Sleeve Necklace Top, Created for Macy's  . JM Collection's elegant printed top features sheer bell sleeves and a detachable pendant necklace. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit; approx. 27-1/2" long Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Scoop neckline Pendant necklace accent Printed 3/4-sleeves Created For Macy's Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10421454"
"Mixed-Media Cropped Tank Top  . Stylishly textured at the front and smooth at the back, this cropped tank top from Calvin Klein Performance features a racerback for cool airflow and mobility. Racerback Scoop neckline; textured at front Polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565832"
"Strappy Basique Bodysuit  . Criss-cross back straps bring feminine flair to this Free People bodysuit, perfect for layering under jeans and a flannel. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size extra small Thong back Scoop neckline; snap closure at gusset; adjustable straps ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs Nylon/spandex Hand wash Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10565789"
"Boat-Neck Oversized Top  . An artful silhouette composed of super-soft stretch; this boat-neck oversized top can only be Eileen Fisher. Oversized fit; approx. 25-1/4" long at back Boat neckline Tencel ™ lyocell/spandex Machine washable Made in USA Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10509102"
"INC Puff-Sleeve Top, Created for Macy's  . I.N.C. International Concepts pumps up the volume on this soft cotton top, adding a little extra dimension to the sleeves of a total style essential. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Hits at hip Crewneck Puff sleeves Created for Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9342009"
"Burnout Handkerchief-Hem T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . A swingy T-shirt from Style & Co gets a new look with cool burnout fabric and a handkerchief hem. The relaxed fit and longer hem are perfect for pairing with leggings, jeans and more. Scoop neckline Approx. model measurements: height: 5'10"; bust: 35"; waist: 27"; hips: 35" Handkerchief hem Easy fit; hits at low hip Due to generous sizing, we suggest sizing down for the perfect fit Created for Macy's Cotton/polyester Machine washable Imported Web ID: 10424121"
"V-Neck Henley T-Shirt  . A little extra bling lends a glam touch to this cute fitted tee by GUESS. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing size small Fitted V-neck; partial button closure and button details at left neck Logo at left hip Polyester Hand wash Imported Web ID: 10484089"
"Women's Sportswear Cotton Cropped Top  . Perfect for pairing with high-waist pants, this cropped top from Nike is in all-cotton for lasting comfort. Relaxed fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Crewneck; "Just Do It" graphic at front All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9900392"
"INC Printed V-Neck T-Shirt, Created for Macy's  . Our favorite off-duty look? A simple V-neck and jeans. Start it off with this cool printed tee by INC International Concepts®. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Relaxed fit Fitted tee Runs small V-neck Printed Created For Macy's All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10502684"
"Mini-Stripe Flutter-Sleeve Knit Top, Created for Macy's  . Maison Jules ups the fashion detail with this printed flutter-sleeve knit top. The contrasting stripes and dotted print give this classic style a fashion boost. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size small Crewneck Layered-look: attached shirt inset at hem Printed flutter sleeves Created For Macy's Cotton/modal/polyester Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10486182"
"Women's Sportswear Heritage Bodysuit  . A sleek fit that stays put, this Nike bodysuit is in soft stretch fabric that hugs you in lightweight comfort. Tight fit INSPIRED FOR: Athleisure Lightweight stretch fabric Crewneck; snap closure; logo at front Cotton/polyester/spandex Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 9919568"
"Aubrey One-Shoulder T-Shirt  . A new take on the classic tee: Free People's soft & slouchy Aubrey, in a single-shoulder silhouette. Approx. model height is 5'10" and she is wearing a size XS/4/26 Approx. length: 19"; boxy fit One-shoulder neckline ABOUT THE BRAND If you love the laid-back charm of boho-chic apparel, you'll find a beautiful selection of clothing from Free People at Macy's that fits your style. From ultra-feminine dresses to cute, flirty tops, browse the collection of casual, hip designs. All cotton Machine washable Imported Savings based on offering prices, not actual sales Web ID: 10471326"
